And load my meetup Kia Jai. Yes, I hear. Bangalorem, I can do a… we were, like, doing a lot of hackathons and, uh, a lot of big meetups.
In Bangalore, so… I can, I can plan, because, uh… Bangalore is a place where I stay, so it's very convenient for me to organize such things.
Maniz is saying, what… what you're saying, Maniz? As long as I joined from USA due to time concern, I was not able to join a study class. Uh, not an issue. Uh, it's fine, so I have already uploaded the recording.
Okay, so, uh, can you plan this in progress? So, see, so once you say yes, right, so you keep on getting a demand that, okay, do this, do that everywhere, but yeah, practically it's not possible.
By the way, uh, Priagraz is a place where my in-laws belongs to.
Wife's hometown. Uh, so okay, fine, guys. So, let's get started. Good morning, everyone, once again. I think it's 9.05, and we all have joined a class.
Now, so yesterday, the way we have connected the entire class, so in the exact same manner, we are going to conduct a class.
So, first of all, I'm going to, like, take a lecture. I'm going to discuss topics which I have to discuss, uh, for today, and then, so obviously, if you have any kind of a problem, or if you would like to discuss any kind of a doubt.
So, one by one, I'm going to unmute, and then we will be discussing doubts. And if you have to share your screen.
Right? So, for example, if I'm doing some sort of a setup, and maybe some of you are facing some sort of an issue in your system, you are not able to do a setup.
So, obviously, uh, you can share your screen. We have that option as well. Not just an audio option, but yeah, screen sharing option as well over a Zoom.
And, uh, we… I have an option from my side that I can control even your screen. So I can, from here itself, so I can try to, like, do something in your screen.
That is also possible, uh, case-by-case basis, right? So if you are facing any issue. And, uh, this is how we are going to conduct our classes. I believe I have already set the agenda, or I have already set that how classes is going to happen in my studies induction session itself.
Right? And this radio session was live on YouTube, but yeah, so from today onwards, it's not going to be live on YouTube, it is going to be here itself.
And, uh, we are going to do all kind of a discussion. Now… Those who have joined today, because there are some people who were not able to join yesterday, uh, so… Uh, maybe, uh, like, you are not aware about the things that we have done, so let me just do a recap of each and everything that we have discussed in my, uh, yesterday's class.
Uh, just a quick recap, I would say. So I believe my screen is visible to all of you.
No. So… Let's go to auron dashboard, and those who have missed, right?
So let's suppose this is your bootcamp class, so just go over here, inside Continue Learning, and you will be able to find out a live lecture.
So this is a link, by the way, so with the help of this link, you will be able to join your live classes.
I believe you all have joined it with the help of this particular link, and I'm going to activate this particular link right before the class, means, again, one minute or maybe 30 seconds before, link will be activated automatically for that particular day, and you all will be able to join the classes.
Simple. So, like, there is no rocket science in this one.
Second thing is that, that, uh, yesterday we have conducted a lecture, right? Yesterday, it was an induction session, so I talked about a complete Euron ecosystem.
So what we have and what we don't have, each and everything we have discussed one by one, one by one.
So, starting from our home screen, or maybe a roadmap, or Euron+, Yuri APIs, just a brief introduction. So, I haven't gone into a depth of anything, but yeah. So, introduction about the.
And we have done, and that induction session is already available. Like I said yesterday, and I'll keep on saying that it takes some time for us to upload a recording, most probably to do 3 hours of time, right? Because for 4 hour… of recording. Zoom takes around 3 to 4 hours to convert that video into an MP4, and once that will be converted, it will be uploaded. So, obviously, those who will not be able to join a particular class.
You will have to wait maybe for, like, a 2-3 hour, so that we can upload. And today, we did the same thing, and we will keep on doing the exact same thing in each and every classes. It is not going to change at all.
Right. So, uh, those who have missed, uh, I will not say that to go through all four hours, if you have time, yes, you can go through it, but… Uh, maybe just, like, go ahead and just get a glimpse of this entire thing that we have discussed. Fine?
Can we get an email with the class joining link for every classes? Uh, no, I don't think that email is required. We are already a part of a group, right? That's the reason, so I've created a WhatsApp group. Whatsapp is pretty much convenient. No one checks our email nowadays. So, can we get an email, can we get a notification?
I'll notify you inside a, like, your WhatsApp group itself, right? Because WhatsApp, I always feel like it's very handy, it's very convenient for me to answer any kind of a question, and yeah, so we all are available anyhow on WhatsApp.
Uh, WhatsApp is a universal tool now. Okay, and to those who are not able to get a WhatsApp link, it's also updated in the very first video itself, so click on the resources, you will be able to get a WhatsApp link for your badge. For every batches, we have a different, different WhatsApp group.
This is our WhatsApp group dedicated just for your batch means, just for your badge.
Yep. I'm getting an email, uh, meeting link. Uh, because you have signed up in a Zoom, and in a Zoom, so we have switched that, uh, option that, uh, whenever you are going to sign up, so you will… Zoom will notify you automatically.
Yeah? Uh, it makes our bond stronger as well, exactly, yes, yeah.
So what's up? It's like a, uh, pretty much okay with all of us, I believe, and we are not going to face any kind of problem, even after completion of the classes, even after completion of the classes.
We will be connected for a very, very long time, because at the end of the day, we have to help each other, we have to, like, provide an opportunity or share an opportunity with each and everyone, and that's the reason, so I have just created a WhatsApp group.
And yes, we are controlling, so I don't worry, we'll not allow any kind of, uh.
Unnecessary discussion inside the WhatsApp group. But yeah, so you are free to discuss anything. We are not, like, controlling anything.
On a discussion side. So, just feel free to discuss anything.
Necessary one, yeah? So, necessary one. Okay, so this is all about my studies discussion, guys. Now, let's try to set an agenda for today's discussion. So, what we are going to discuss today.
So, first of all, I'll be talking about a system setup, because we have to start our syllabus.
Right? So, let me show you our syllabus. I believe yesterday you have already gone through it, but maybe not in depth.
So, today, first of all, we are going to do a system setup. Bare minimum system setup we are going to do in today's class. Then, I'll be talking about a couple of things, not much, basically, from a generative AI perspective, and then a platform that we are going to cover, that we are going to discuss from a generative AI perspective.
So that, so that, from next weekend onwards, next Saturday, right? So we have a class, same time.
So from next weekend onwards, we can start learning an API first.
Technically, I'm going to teach you a fast API, so how you will be able to write a simple Python code.
How you will be able to expose that Python code to the entire world with the help of FastAPI, or maybe with the help of Flask. So, both are basically a framework to create an API inside a Python.
Along with that, so here, inside our Yuri API. So, we have a multiple code bases, right? We have a multiple code bases for a lang chain, for a lang graph, for Lama indexes, for init, and for a.
Autogen. So how I will be able to use that part. Means, from next week onwards, we will get completely into a practical.
But by taking a baby step, because I know that many of us are not aware about the API concept, right? And everywhere, whenever you are going to create an application, it will be required. So, believe me, even if you just know, like, what is a variable into a Python.
I'm going to teach you an API in such a way that you will be able to create it, you will be able to expose it. So, I'm not expecting you to, like, you know, be an expert in a Python. And it's not that tough. So that's the reason I'm telling you.
That even if you know how to declare a variable into a Python, only that part, right? Forget about oops concept, or maybe exception handling concept, or file handling concept, all of those things.
Just if you know that, okay, how to declare a variable into a Python, I'm going to teach you that, okay, how to create your own API, and it's that simple, actually, right? It's that simple. So it's a very logical thing that we all are going to enjoy it.
So, fine, salary start, guys, are practical. Uh, in a group, I can see some message, but yeah, fine, my team is handling it, so… they will handle.
So, sir, tomorrow clusterityata asks start kar sakte hain. Hanji, already agar aapne attend nahi kiya. Toh, recording is already available, so you can go through a recording, and then… Obviously, you can start, yeah?
Fine. So, URI API is built on FastAPI, unknown, so our entire backend for Yuri API, especially for this one, is written in Node.js, basically.
Not on a fast API. We are not using Python as a backend for this one.
Uh, we are using Node. Our entire stack is on, uh, MORN, basically.
Okay, so, uh, in a group, I can see a lot of discussion going on. Is it necessary?
Uh, yes, Live Link is not coming up after login. Like, people are able to join.
Yeah, maybe some people are facing an issue, because maybe they are new to a platform, it happens for a couple of initial classes, but uh… Yeah. So, fine, let's get started, guys, everyone. So, just try to open up a system. Yesterday, we had a lot of discussion with respect to our system, so let me tell you one thing very clearly.
Anything or any system, uh, which is equivalent to I5. Right? I5 is going to work. So, I5 is one of the minimalistic kind of a system.
That you need, even for your day-to-day personal work, whatever work that you do, and even for learning these entire things, because.
Going forward, we have to introduce a cloud platform. So, the reason is very simple. So, let's suppose I'm talking about a fine-tuning, right? A model fine-tuning.
Uh, doesn't matter how good my system is. So beyond a certain capacity, or beyond a certain models, I will not be able to do a fine-tuning in my local system.
So, I'm going to show you, I'm going to teach you that how you will be able to do a setup of GPU. There are so many vendors out there, for example, a Paperspace is one of the vendors, which we use, uh, frequently.
So, basically, like, I'm going to teach you that how you will be able to do a GPU setup over those cloud platforms, and then how you will be able to do a training setup, so that you will be able to.
Like a dual fine-tuning with respect to a model. Depends upon the use cases, maybe a LoRa, maybe a Quora, maybe a SLM, maybe a quantization.
These are the fancy words for you, I know, but yeah. So, eventually, you will be aware about that one.
Uh, so there will be not much of system dependencies. You will be able to find out in terms of a compute.
But yeah, so if your system is having a higher configuration.
It will not give you a problem, as simple as that, right?
So, first of all, guys, what we have to do, uh, in my today's class.
So, let me… write down the agenda that what we are going to do.
So, agenda number one. Our very first thing that we are going to cover is a system setup.
System. Setup. Agenda number two that I'm going to cover.
A major framework.
Framework, intro, just intro. So, I'm not going to go in depth, because for… Going into a depth, it's already a part of your soul labor. So, I'm just going to introduce a major framework, and I'm going to tell you a reason that, okay, so this framework we are going to use it for this particular reason, or that particular reason.
So that you will be aware about these framework, at least with respect to a name. So, I'm not expecting that you should, like, get a mastery with respect to those frameworks in today's class.
But no, I'm just… I'm just expecting you that. You should remember the name, only a name, that's it. Nothing more than a name at all.
And then, uh, like, uh, third one, so… Yuri API.
A use. So, how I will be able to hit a URI system after doing a system setup.
So this is something which I'm going to discuss in my today's class.
So I'm assuming that all of you are ready with your system, so if not, please take your time to do 3 minutes at a time. Those who have joined through a mobile devices.
So, please make sure that going forward, join through your system, join through your laptop.
And, uh, whatever I'm going to do, so parallel, you will be able to do it. I will keep on pasting a link and code each and everything in your chat box itself.
Uh, in a real time. So that, I'll do it in my system, you will do it in your system.
Yeah? Fine guys, everyone? Can you please summarize how VIN AI apps are built? I think it's not a matter of summary, by the way, because yesterday we had a lot of discussions, and I simply said that, see, there is not one simple logic, one single thumb rule.
That you can apply all across the application, right? So, it's a matter of practice, it's a matter of building something. And that is the reason we have the entire batch, yeah?
Everything works for now, Zariq. Okay. So, fine. First of all, we have to do a system setup. Now.
So we can write a Python code in our local system, and we can try to write a Python code, maybe, uh, in some ID which is available even online.
Apart from that, so nowadays, there are some IDEs which is available in a market, basically, which is going to help you out in terms of writing a code. And, uh, I believe we all have heard about a Vive coding, V-I-B.
Live coding. So, where you just give a prompt, and then that ID will start writing a code. So, I will try to introduce to you with respect to live coding as well, a tool at least, right? A tool, at least, that, okay, so these tools that you can try to use.
And then you will be able to do a live coding, so it is going to build a simple POC for you, or simple small MVPs for you. It will be able to build it.
So, this is where this entire system setup will come into a picture, plus how you can do a local, complete system setup.
So, first thing, guys. First thing. Uh, okay. So here, uh, you just go to Google and try to search for a Python.
So, as we are going to write a code in a Python, and we are going to use a Python programming language, so those who have not done a setup, so just try to write Python download. So once you are going to write a Python download.
You will be able to see a link called as python.org, which is our official link, by the way, yeah?
And, uh, here, so this Python.org, let me… bring you this one. Fine.
So, in this Python.org, you will be able to… I have already pinged you a link inside your chat, so you can check that out. So here, you will be able to see, uh, download option for a Windows, for a Linux, for a Mac machine. So, for all of these machines, download option is already available.
Now, so by default, you will be able to see our latest version, 3.13. I generally recommend people to go ahead with 3.10 version, because 3.10 is compatible with most of, I would say.
Most of the libraries or the frameworks that you are going to use inside a class, or even inside the industry. So, 3.13 is not that compatible, and 3.14, they have just pre-released, so it's not stable at all.
So, I'll always recommend to go ahead with 3.10, but it's completely fine. It's completely fine if you are clicking over here, and then you are downloading 3.13 for now, because in later days, I'm going to even show you.
That doesn't matter what is a base Python environment you have, you will be able to create a multiple environment. There is something called as a concept of virtual environment that we do, that we try to create with respect to a Python.
So it's completely fine, yeah? It's completely fine. So, just go ahead and download this Python. Whatever you see as a latest version, download it, yeah? So once you will be able to download it, it's available, like I said, so it's available for all the machines, whether it's a Windows, Linux, or Mac, on the same location, right? So just select your machine.
And then you will be able to download. Now, once you are able to download it, it's a very small file, so quickly you will be able to download it.
So, again, just click over here, and then click, click, click, just like you do an installation for any other things inside your system. So, you will be able to do installation.
Just make sure that while doing an installation, check this option, add Python exe to path.
If you are not doing it, then in a later stage, you will have to do it manually. So you have to, like, add this particular path in a system variable, and especially for a Windows machine, for a Linux machine, for a Mac machine, you are not going to face such kind of an issue, but yeah, for a Windows machine, so you will have to either check this option.
If you are not checking this option, so in that case, like I said.
Manually, you will have to go and edit your system in environment variable. So, first, guys, Python installation. I know many of you have already done that, right? Again, so those who have gone through my Python lecture, which I've already uploaded.
Even over there, so I have shown you the same thing, that, okay, fine, so go and install the Python, then go and install VS Code, all sort of the things.
Is it done, guys? Yeah? It's a very small file, so quickly, I think within 30 seconds of time.
You all will be able to do an installation. Now, once you are able to do an installation, so how you are going to check.
That, uh, whether it has been installed or not. So, to do it, right, to do it.
Open up your command prompt, CMD. Right, open up your command prompt, or maybe a power cell, and then simply type PYTHON Python space.
Hyphen hyphen, V-E-R-S-I-O-N. Version. So Python space, hyphen hyphen version. Hit enter, and if you are able to see some version, doesn't matter, like, you are able to see the same version or some different version, but yeah, if you are able to see this particular version, it simply means that your system is able to find out Python.
Yes, your system is able to find out, basically, a Python. So, are you able to see a Python version, guys?
Just open up your command prompt and type this one. So let me ping you this inside your chat. Yeah, Python version. So I have already pinged you the command.
Fine? So, this is the only requirement that we have. Beyond that, we will be able to do all kind of a configuration.
Not showing in Mac, okay? So, which one? This command it is not showing in Mac?
Yeah, so try with this Python 3, then. In the back, especially in Mac. In Windows, it will show, by the way.
Right? And yes, we have an amazing, like, fellow learners who will be able to help you out, so that's a… That's very engaging things, and I can see, like, people have started replying even before me. So that… That shows the enthusiasm.
Okay, so that's the reason we have a group event, so even if you're going to face some sort of issue after a class, so obviously, we have so many people out there, right? They will be able to help you out. And believe me, I have seen a group, and I have a lot of such kind of a group, so where even.
After a two-switch or 3-switch, or three transition, people are helping each other, right? Even after, like, a 3 year, 4 year.
I completed total setup. That's great, okay? That's great. So, fine, this is the Python setup that we have to do. So, step number one.
They have to basically do a Python setup. Now, inside the same system setup, we need an IDE. Again, those who are not aware about it.
So we need a place, we need a software, or you can say we need a tool where we can go and we can write a code, by the way. So that is something called as IDE, integrated.
Development environment, right? My favorite one is VS Code. Now, someone likes some, like, PyChump kind of an ID, someone likes some different IDs, I like a VS Code.
Again, ID-wise, all are good, all are, like, equally good, I would say. So, VS Code is very much a convenient one in terms of its UI interface, in terms of managing a code, in terms of executing it, in terms of.
Like, uh, you know, uh… Uh, adding a plugins with respect to our VS Code, and that's the reason, so I, like, like VS Code, and I believe, like me, I'm not alone over here.
So, the entire world loves VS Code, I would say. Yes? So… I love VS Code, as simple as that. Now, so VS Code is what? Vs Code is basically an IDE, yes? Ide. Integrated Development Environment. So, where you will be able to execute a code in any languages. Any languages, I mean, literally any languages.
Uh, not by default, obviously. So, just now we have installed Python. So, now we can try to configure a VS Code inside our system. So let's go ahead again to the Google.
And, uh, such over here, V is code download, yeah? Vs Code.
Download, and it's available for all machines. Mac, Linux, Windows, all three. So you are not supposed to worry about anything. So this is the official, right? This is the official, uh, like, uh… link, I have already pasted inside your group, yeah, so don't worry, you don't have to do a Google search even. I'll… I have already pinned you the link over here.
So, just go over there, go to this link, the link which I have already pinged you inside your chat box, yeah? And hope all of you are able to open up.
Yep, okay, fine. Uh, so now, if I have a Windows machine, I'll click here. If I have a Linux machine, so based on the Devian, or maybe a RPM, so I'll try to click here. And if I have a Mac machine.
I'll try to click here. As simple as that. Very easy installation, again. So, no hustle, no struggle. So, just try to click, and as you can see, the time I have clicked, it has started downloading, right? It has started downloading.
106mb of file, I can see, so it may vary system to system. System to system is Mac, Linux, and Windows.
Yeah? Uh, so just try to download it. So, as you can see, I have downloaded.
Right? Now, after downloading these files. Let me keep into a list view. Yeah.
So once I'm able to download this file, this particular VS Core, again, what you have to do.
So, click. Let me close my, uh… opened session of the VS Code.
So, click, and then I agree, accept the agreement. Next. Create a desktop icon, add two paths, so by default here, it's checked. Add to path is required for Windows. Right, and sometime what will happen is that you'll have to restart your system. Sometime, not all the time.
Uh, but yeah. So next. And then click on this Install. So automatically, it will be able to install each and everything inside your system. A very, very easy installation, only 2-3 clicks.
Yeah? So are you able to do installation, guys? And click on Finish. Yes, click on just finish.
So, it will be able to do an installation. Uh, let me close my existing session, and let me open up once again in front of all of you for the first time.
Yeah? So, once you will be able to do an installation, so here, uh, if you are using a Windows, then you can come over here, you can try to search for it. If you are using a Mac machine or a command, then you can search inside your search bar or terminal.
Right? So just try to search for a VS, and automatically it will be able to, like, open up a Visual Studio code.
This is one of the open source IDE. You all will be able to find out, so where you can build any kind of a project means literally any kind of a project.
Which exist in this entire world, as simple as that. Yeah? Can you repeat the path selection? So you don't have to do anything with respect to path selection, just check that box.
So, that is more than enough. We understood already how to change the path here or not. So, if it is working, then path is added. You don't have to do anything, yeah? By default, it will be able to select.
Fine? Okay. So, VS Code, I'm able to open up, and I'm assuming that most of us are able to open up, right guys? Everyone? Can I get yes in a group? And if you are facing any issues, so you can let me know. If you're not able to.
See something like this kind of a screen? So almost everyone is yes, no issue, okay, fine, fine, fine.
Mac issue. Okay, so Mac… it's… I don't think that VS Code gives much of issue in a Mac. It's just drag and drop inside the folder, right?
With respect to a Mac? Yeah? But yeah, if you have a very, very old one, then it gives an issue, but it's easy to fix, I believe.
But JIP. So on JPET, NGPT, drag and drop it, simple.
Yeah? Albert and Mac. Fine. Yeah. So… Uh, we'll try later. Now, you can give try… you can try it even now, it's fine, like, it will not take more than 500 of time, uh, yeah.
So, fine, a VS Code is installed. Now, VS Code will be a place where we will be writing a code. We will be writing a code almost like a 90% of the time, we will be building all this project, we will be doing a lot of, like, experimentation over here.
Now, inside of VS Code, right, inside of VS Code. In-progress VS Code, sir. So, I'm giving you 2 minutes of time, so it's 9.031, right? So, I'm giving you a time of 2 minutes. Uh, those who are not able to do it, please do it quickly. Uh, you don't have to do anything, by the way. Let me ping you a link once again, so just go to this link.
Yeah, just go to this link, download, click, click, click, install. That's it. Yep? Nothing much. And then launch it. Launch VS Code.
Yeah, so I'm giving you two more minutes of time, guys.
Uh, unrevising what? Path variable is equal to significance variable, Python environment compile default path? Yes.
Okay, so once you are able to install a VS Code, and once you are able to see this one, right, once you are able to see this one.
Then, you have to do couple of more steps, so that my system will be foolproof, and it will be ready, yeah?
So, when you are going to open up a VS Code, guys, yeah, whenever you are going to open up a VS Code, so you will be able to see.
This particular option. Inside of VS Code. So there is an option called as Extension Option, this one.
The marked one, the highlighted one, I'm talking about, right? So you must be able to see this particular option, so this is something called as extension. So, with the help of this, you will be able to install.
Any kind of a extension. Extension simply means that additional capability, yeah? So, VS Code is an open source, uh, basically, IDEs, created by Microsoft, so major contributor of Microsoft.
And then in a later test, so they have made it open source, and entire world is using this VS Code for writing a code.
And even people are able to modify this entire VS Code, and they have launched their own labs, they have launched their own IDs.
With their own version. So here, you will be able to find out an option of an extension. So, we have to use this option, and we have to install a couple of extensions over here.
So, let's try to install those extensions in this particular place. So, you can try to click, and then you can try to open up this extension, yeah, by clicking it, or you can try to use a shortcut command for that one. So Ctrl-Shift-X.
So if I'm going to close it, let's suppose, yeah, I'm going to close it. Ctrl-shift-x, and it is going to open up the extension. Now, once you are able to open up the extension.
Try to search for a Python, first of all. Simple. Search for the Python, and if you are a country with the internet.
You will be able to see a Python over here. Simple. And then you will be able to see a Python by Microsoft. So again, you can even try to publish your own.
Such kind of extension. I have published a lot of my extension on my own.
So, uh, again, so I think I have not taught in any classes that how to build this kind of extension, but yeah, so I have already published it.
A lot of extensions, so it's possible for even you to build an extension for your own purposes, wrap it up, and then publish it inside their store, so that other people will be able to use it. Similarly, so many people have already published these extensions, so this is from an official Microsoft itself.
Search for a Python over here, and then you will be able to see a install option. So, I am looking at an uninstall option. The reason is very simple, I have already installed.
But, uh, you will be able to see an install option. Most of you, I would say, right, those who have not installed.
So just try to click, and automatically, within a fraction of a second, it will be able to install it, yeah?
So, Ctrl-Shift-X in Mac, it will be Command-Shift-X. So, alternative for a control is technically a command.
Yes? Yeah? How to build an extension, one video required. Yeah, I have already created one video on this one. Uh, not one video, I think multiple videos I have done on this one, how to create an SDK, basically, for PyPi. Maybe sometime I'll do it for extension as well.
It's easy, actually. It's easy to publish.
Okay, so this is the Python extension, guys. Again, I'm repeating the step, as you are new to our VS Core, right? So once you are going to open up a VS Code, like I said, you will be able to see an option, and we are going to use this option.
So many times, not just for today. Even going forward, so I'm going to use this particular option. So, this is the option that you will be able to find out, called as extension. Now, what it does, so basically, there are so many tools, there are so many plugins, uh, people have created.
Maybe for a code completion, maybe for a compilation, maybe for debugging the entire code basis.
Maybe for, like, you know, showing you the code as a graph, basically, so that logically you will be able to connect.
So, these are the additional capabilities, right? These are the additional capabilities that people or some organization keep on creating, keep on doing it, and there are, like.
Millions. I'll not say thousands, by the way. So there are millions of such kind of extension people have created. Even you can create it, and push it to the store, so that people will be able to download, and people will be able to use it.
So if that extension is that useful. So, here, just go to the extension tab, and then… Uh, just click, so you can use a Command-Shift-X if you're using a Mac, and if you're using a Windows, CTRL-Shift X, or just use a mouse, click. Simple. And search for a Python, then you will be able to find out a Python officially from a Microsoft.com.
Yeah, Microsoft.com. So just install it, it will be done. So, this is one of the installations. By the way, you have to do, yeah? And then the second installation, second installation is… Uh, Jupyter Notebook, so J-U-P-Y-T-E-R, Jupyter, and then NOTB double OK. So, Jupyter Notebook is something that you have to search.
Again, inside extension, I've just pinged you. Inside a chat. So, Jupyter Notebook is something that you have to search, and again, here, you will be able to see a Jupyter by Microsoft official one, yeah?
Jupiter by Microsoft. So, again, you have to just click, and it will be able to install it.
Fine, guys, yeah? What are the list of the extensions? I mean, like, there is nothing called as, like, a list which works for the Gen AI. It's like general purpose extension people have created, and as and when we'll move inside the class, I'll keep on teaching you.
Fine, okay? So, two extensions, one is a Python extension you have to install, and one is a Jupyter Notebook extension you will have to install, right?
No. So, once you will be done with these two installations, uh, so your VS Code is approximately ready, at least for now, I would say, at least for now. For today, it's ready.
So now, in this Jupyter Notebook, first of all, you go to File, yeah? So, how do we create a project, by the way? So, what we do? So, we go to a file, we go to Open Folder option, yeah? So there is a folder option which is given to you. So, we go to an open folder option.
And then, from here, you can choose any of your drive, right? Any of your drive.
Or you can try to create, maybe, a new folder. So I'll be creating a new folder. For example, my badge is Gen AI, right? Gen AI, uh, let's suppose, uh, certification bootcamp. So, General AI Certification is a new folder I've created, and then I'll try to select. So that all of this code will be available inside this particular folder, GenAI certification that I have created. So, again, I'm going to repeat.
Go to File, right? Go to File is step number one. Step number 2, open folder.
And then create a new folder. Let's suppose I'm going to create Gen AI test folder, select it, select this particular folder. Now.
Whatever code you are going to write, it will be available inside this particular folder. You can even right-click, you can try to copy the path.
Light. You can copy the path, you can even click on this Find folder, and you can, uh, like, if you would like to, like, know that, okay, at which location this file is in my system, so I right-click.
In this space, copy the path, and then I can try to go.
Here, and here is a path, right? D drive, gen AI test.
Simple. It's very simple, very convenient. So, here, just as you have to, like, do a couple of clicks, you will be comfortable.
So it's not that tough. Those who are new to a VA school, let me tell you, it's not that tough at all. It's very, very easy. So, you just have to do a couple of clicks here and there, which we all are doing. So, by today, today's end itself, you will be comfortable with a VS Code.
So here is a folder I have created, and now in this particular folder, uh, so I can write any kind of a code. I can try to create a folder inside a folder. I can do technically anything and everything that I want, as simple as that.
So here, let's suppose I have to create a file, so where I can execute my code.
Right-click, once again, and then New File, yeah? New File. And here, so I can try to create my file with any name that I want, but extension should be intact. For example.
So, here, let's suppose if I'm creating a test, right? Test. And let's suppose if I have to create a Jupyter notebook kind of a file, a Jupyter notebook extension that we have installed just now, right?
So I'll give a file name, dot, I'll give IPYNB. So I, Python, Jupyter Notebook. This is what it means, by the way. So, filename.ipynb, all the time. Hit enter. Now, you will be able to see a Jupyter Notebook kind of a system, right? Where you can try to write a code, and you can do whatever you want.
Want. But, so let's suppose… and this is possible, right? This is possible because of this extension. So, the Jupyter extension that we have installed, right? Jupyter Notebook extension that we have installed, it's possible because of this extension, so I will be able to.
Execute a Jupyter notebook inside my system. Now. Sometimes, so why Jupyter Notebook is important? Why Jupyter Notebook is required? Reason is very simple. So, sometime, line by line, we'll write a code, will try to, like, see the explanation of a code, will do a lot of experimentation. This is a place where Jupyter Notebook is required, but, but, but…
When it comes to building an application, right, when it comes to building an application, when it comes to modular coding, right, a standard approach that we try to follow.
At that point of a time, it's not a Jupyter notebook, it will be a multiple folders, multiple structures, and then inside that, there will be a multiple modules. Technically, a .python file I'm talking about, a .py file I'm talking about, right? So we'll do a lot of experimentation over there. I'm going to use a Jupyter notebook, and then.
Obviously, a .py file I'm going to use. Making sense, guys? I had a version 3.0? Yeah, so let's not fight on version side of it. Any version is fine for now, because anyhow, I'm going to teach you.
How to create a virtual environment. So, over there, again, I can control any versions.
Fine? So what is the difference between IPR and a PI file? So basically, both are different file structures. Ipn view simply means that it is going to open up in this.
Type of format, where in a tab you can write a code, but yeah, you can't do a modular coding over here.py file means folder inside the folder, and you will be able to do a modular coding. And eventually, we have to leave a Jupyter notebook.
Technically, I used to say that Jupyter Notebook is for a beginner, or, like, uh, let's suppose I'm teaching you a Langchain, Langraph, something like that, right? So, initially, I will try to start with the Jupyter Notebook, but eventually, when I will teach you that how to use those things and build a project, build an application.
At that point of time, I can't use a Jupyter Notebook, right? When I say that, okay, let's go and deploy this project, again at that point of a time, I will not be using a Jupyter notebook. I will be using a complete, full-formatted model coding structure, right, which will be required, as simple as that.
Yeah, please show me again how to open up Jupyter Notebook. It's nothing, basically. Right-click, create a new file, right, give a file name, for example, test1, and then.
Your extension should be .ipYNB, I-P-Y-N-B, IPython Jupyter Notebook, simple. So, your extension should be IP, Y, and B.
And then, bingo, done, right? Yeah. So, here in this way. So, just look at my extension, it should be exact same. File name could be anything, it's fine. Test one I have given, test I have given.
You can give your name, you can give my name, that's completely fine. Extensions should not change. Ipy and B should not change, because this is how system will be able to understand that this is a… it's a Jupyter notebook that I'm talking about, by the way.
Yeah? Now, so, uh, here, when you are going to call a Jupyter notebook, by default, it will not be able to execute anything. So, let's suppose if I'm writing 1 plus 1, and if I'm going to execute it.
How to execute, so I can try to click on run, or I can use a sift enter. Shorthand is basically, I can even click here to run the cell, execute the cell. So, as you can see.
My mouse cursor, right? So just look at my… let me, uh…
Use my… yeah. So I think you are able to see my mouse cursor with the red dot.
Right? Red dot. So, this is a place where you can try to click, and you will be able to execute it. And when you are executing for the first time.
So, as of now, this is technically… this is technically just a file. So, it is not having a Python access. See?
Uh, I have told you in the beginning itself, right, that I can try to use our VS Code to write a Java code, to write a C++ code, to write a JavaScript code, means language is not a barrier.
Uh, if you remember, in a beginning itself, what we have done, so we have technically installed Python.
Yeah, in our system. Vs Code will be… able to use it. Vs Code will be able to invoke it.
Because now Python is available, a core library, which is required to execute any of my Python code. It's already available, and then we have done the installation of VS Code. So technically, VS Code is using a Python that you have already installed. Similarly, you can install a Java SDK, and then you will be able to write a code in Java, as simple as that. Now here, so once you're going to click on execute, it will not be able to execute.
Because, because you have to attach. Attach what? So you have to attach your installation. What installation? Obviously, Python installation you have to attach, right? You have done the Python installation. So here, you have to select a Python environment, so click over here.
And then you will be able to see some base environment in your system. So I'm able to see multiple environments, right?
So let's suppose you are able to see this kind of environment, Python 3.12 or maybe Python 3.13.10, whatever. This is called as base environment.
Take it, right? Take it. Now, you will be able to execute it. In my system.
Required, and if it is going to give you some pop-up for installing a kernel, just click yes. Just say yes, it will be able to install the IPYNB kernel.
For this Jupyter Notebook, for this particular environment. So, again, going to repeat, guys, again, going to repeat. So, see.
You have to, as of now, I can see, like, a Python 3.12, right? Python 3.12. And I have attached with respect to a test one Jupyter notebook. Now, again, in a test, every time you have to do it, so every time, whenever you are going to create a new Jupyter notebook, it is going to ask you to do the same thing.
So let's suppose test. I have not attached any kind of a kernel. Kernel means executor. Like, basically a thing, a system.
Which will be able to understand my Python code. So here, I can try to click on Select Kernel, simple, right? Yeah?
And, uh, by default, I have used it recently, so it is showing me. Otherwise, I can click on select another kernel.
A Python environment I have to select, right? And here, in my system, you will be able to see hundreds of environment, but if your system is new, you will not be able to see all the hundreds of environment.
Uh, you will be able to see just the installation that you have done as of now, right? And the installation which has been attached to your path, system variable.
So, just click Select, and it will be able to, like, take that particular environment. Very simple. Now, if I'm going to write a code, for example, 1 plus 1, if I'm writing, and then if I'm hitting Shift-Enter, or CTRL-Enter, or if I'm going to click over here, click over here, as you can see, it is able to.
Execute, and I'm able to see the output. And if you're able to see the output, it simply means that my Jupyter notebook is up and running, it's working, I don't have to worry about anything, now I can… I'm good to write any kind of a code.
Yep. Yeah? So, you will face some issues with respect to a clique's, believe me, with respect to, like, selecting a kernels. I don't think that… anyone who's going to… face an issue once you will be able to, like, uh.
Connected. Yes? Now, shorthand, so here, there is a, like, a click, right? A shorthand for this one is Ctrl-Shift, and here, P.
Yeah? P. So, you can try to… so it will try to open up a search bar, basically. Those who are using Mac, it will be Command-Shift-P. So again, when I say Control, Mac people, just change it to Command.
Yeah, change it to command keyboard, because there is no control in a Mac system. So Ctrl-Shift-P.
Uh, foothand, basically. So, one option is click, and then select, right? Other option is Ctrl-Shift-P, and then here.
So you can go Pyth… you can try to go and type Python, and then you can try to use a select interpreter.
Yeah, select interpreter. Same place you will be able to land. So, Ctrl-Shift-P, select interpreter, same place.
And shorthand is going to work for all the machines, as simple as that. Making sense, guys, to all of us? Yes?
So are we able to attach a kernels? Because if kernel is not attached, you will not be able to execute any code means literally any code in Python.
Simple. Can you provide the steps for default Python environment selection? Simple. Ctrl-shift-p, right?
Type Python, it will show you all the list of environment.
Python environment, it will show you all the list. Yeah? Karthik?
And everyone. So, are we able to do it, guys? Yes, everyone? It's not tough, but I know, like, for the very first time, when you see the system, right? Because this is something that you will be doing daily, maybe once in every hour, once in every half an hour you will be doing.
But yeah, I know that initially when we are very new to these things, we face some sort of issues, yeah? And those who will be facing these issues, even after a class.
Feel free to share your screen, I'll look into your screen, I'll fix it. It's not a big one, I know, but yeah, I'll fix it.
After the class, right, in our doubling session. That's the reason, so we have a doubt clearing.
Yeah. It is not taking environment. Sometimes you will have to, like, close it, open up once again, sometimes you have to even restart.
Or maybe just go ahead with this, uh… if it is showing you environment in CMD, right? It will be, like, giving you environment.
That's the reason why I've just asked you, asked everyone that go ahead and check inside the command prompt, and there's a possibility that environment is not added, then manually you have to go to your environment variable, and then you have to add it.
Because that's the only issue. Apart from that, no one is going to face, believe me, any other issues with respect to this setup. And this is just one time.
For the very first time. Yeah? So, hope, uh, we are able to make our Jupyter notebook up and running inside this one. Now, another kind of a file, a Pythonic file you can create over here, so just right-click, New File.
And, uh, here I'm going to write test 2. Dot pi.py, dot only py.
And here, so again, you will be able to write a code, yeah? Again, you will be able to write a code. So, for example, I'm writing print.
Uh… And my name is?
Sudhansu Kumar, yeah? So, this is, again, another file where I'm able to… where I will be able to write the code.
And I will be able to execute even this particular one.py file. So this is another extension.py.
A majority of times, you will be able to see me, or you will be able to find out that I'm creating .py file, in terms of creating a project, in terms of creating the full-fledged application.
So, which you can push it into a production system. I will not be pushing a Jupyter notebook, by the way, yeah? Like I said.
It's good to, like, you know, break down the code into a line-by-line steps, and execute it, and, uh, like, see the explanation.
But not good for, like, modeler coding, yeah? That's the reason why I keep on saying it's for a beginner. So, as a beginner, we can use it.
But yeah, there is also a provision where you can try to productionize the entire Jupyter notebook in a Databricks, for example. So they provide you a Jupyter notebook, you can try to productionize the entire Jupyter notebook, that is also possible. So, I'm not denying.
Even that possibility. Okay. So here, if I have to execute .py file, simple, right-click, and then I can try to execute, or run in Python the option that you will be able to see. Otherwise, you will be able to see where is my…
Dot. Yeah. So otherwise, you will be able to see even this option. So, you have to, like, click, right? As you can see, my arrow, arrow marks.
So you can try to click over here, and then you will be able to.
Use this option. As simple as that. Let me remove my arrow. Yeah. So, just follow my mouse pointer. So, here, click, and then run Python file. So, once you are going to call, click run Python file.
Whatever I have written over here, I'm able to see it, right, in my output. My name is Anshu Kumar, this is something which I have written, and uh… yeah, same thing I'm able to print it. So, both of my.
Like a way of executing a code is working. My IP UN file, my Jupyter file is working, and my .py file is also working. Both of this.
In my local system. Fine guys, everyone, are we able to execute it?
Both the files. It means we are able to do a system setup.
Show me.py file. It's nothing, by the way. So, right-click.
New file, uh, test 2. Extension, just give extension, just a matter of extension, by the way.
So.py file, right? And now here, I'll go, I'll write something.
That, uh, this is my… Second Gen AI.
Class, yeah? Ctrl-s, save it. And then I have to execute this entire file.
So, I'll go here. Follow my mouse cursor. So, I'll go here.
Run Python file, yeah? Runpython file. And I will be able to see the output.
Simple. Nothing… it's nothing, actually. Yeah. So, both the mode is ready in my local system.
No. So, this is not the only option which is available to me, by the way. So, I have other options which is available to me. For example.
Uh, I can go to Google, once again. And I can try to search for, uh, collab.
G-o-g-l-e-c-o-l-a-b, Gualcolab. So basically, Google Colab. Is a notebook kind of a structure, which you will be able to get from a Google itself, yeah?
Google itself. Let me ping you this one inside your chat. So yeah, I have already pinged you.
So here, you can come, and you can try to create a notebook.
Jonly notebook, not IPY, not Py file, basically, only a Jupyter notebook, you will be able to create over here.
So let's suppose if I'm going to click on New Notebook, find new notebook. So, again, if you are using this one, then there is almost no load on your system, because everything will be, like, executed inside a browser.
Right? Everything will be executed inside the browser. So even over here, you can do 1 plus 1, and then you are going… you can try to execute it. Now, once you will try to hit execute, it will show you, um, like, a dot dot dot here. Just follow my mouse cursor.
The red dot, right? So, it is going to allocate our resources. So, it is going to provide you a shared resource. By the way, you will be able to see those resources over here.
That it has provided you, uh, 12.7GB of RAM, and then 107GB of a hard disk.
A shared one, by the way, not a dedicated one. So they are providing you, and you will be able to write a code, you will be able to execute a code even over here inside a Google collab. You can even download this code, right? So you can try to download this code as a Jupyter Notebook file, IPYNB file.
And then you can try to open up in any other places, in your VS Code.
Again, so many beginners, right? Many beginners. So let's suppose, uh, we have created a file, and let's suppose I'm going to download this file, IP-only file. So, this is something which I have downloaded, where I have 1 plus 1.
Right? So, many people initially have seen that they will try to open up this file directly. For example, if you are going to open up this file, where is my open option? Yeah.
So if I'm going… not in here. So, let me open up this file inside.
A text or something. Choose another app. So many people, by default, they will try to open up their file inside a notebook kind of a structure, right? And when you try to open up a file IPU any file, especially, into a notebook kind of a structure.
It will show you some format like this, and people say that I'm not able to open up the file. Yes, you will not be able to open up the file, you will not be able to see the content.
If you are not opening up your IPYNB file in an IPYNB compatible environment, as simple as that. If you're going to open it up into a… some notebook, it is going to show you those kind of a result, a kind of a JSON format, it is going to show it to you.
Yeah, which you will not be able to understand. So this is the issue, a common issue, which some of you are going to face. Initially, couple of times, but after that, you will be able to understand that, okay, fine, this is not an issue, actually. I have to open up into a VS Code, or.
A place, a reader where it will be able to understand this file extension.py file, you can open up into a Jupyter notebook, uh, sorry.
Dot py file, you can open it up into a text editor, that's completely fine. It is not going to change, but yeah.
That is an issue you are going to face with respect to IPYNB if you are a beginner.
A simple step is, open it up into a VS Code, not into a text editor.
Yes? Uh… is… it is asking for a Python interpreter, some SumSries saying. So, yeah, click and then select the Python interpreter. It will show you the drop-down, right?
Always used a collab generative AI work without a GPU. See, generative AI work doesn't require a GPU. Understanding you're not doing a model training.
And then in financing. Right? It's a myth that generative AI requires, like, a GPU all the time.
Because all the time, you will not, like, you know, end up doing a fine-tuning of the model.
Yes? So, okay, uh, so here is a collab, uh, another place where you will be able to execute your code, and if you're not able to do a configuration, because here.
You are not supposed to do any kind of installation. By default, installation, and everything is done. You don't have to go ahead with the Python installation, just come over here, and then start writing a code, and it will be able to execute your code. As simple as that.
Now, like a Guelp collab. So, Gold Kulab is not just one system, I can go over here, and I can try to search for a Jupiter.
Notebook online, yeah? Just go to Google. You will be able to see 10 other options. So, where you can go and you can try to, like, you know, good, bad, that's a different story.
Right? That's a different story. But you will be able to see a 10 different online options, so where you can go, and you can try to, you know.
Execute our code. So those options are available. A collab is one of the best ones, because it gives you more resources, so that you can execute a bit of heavy code as well.
Yeah? This is where collab comes into a picture. You have a… it's from a Google itself, right? It's from a Google.
So they give you a lot of options, but this is not the only option. Even in an online mode.
Where you don't want to do any kind of installation in your local system.
We have an option. We have a lot many options, even in a online mode, and that too free. All of these are technically free to all of us.
For the infinite time, they are not going to charge you. Google Collabs, uh, sometime back, they have, I think, 2 or 3 years back, they have released a option called as ProOption, World Collab Pro.
Where they were charging, like, a $10 per month. But I don't think that they have, like, that option even now. Because in India, I'm not able to see it. And even back then, when I've checked.
So, it was available in USA and some other reasons, but not in India, where they give… they were giving you, like, a more resources. More resources means this one.
The RAM and hard disk. They were giving you more resources, and uh… but I don't know whether they are giving it now or not. I haven't checked.
Yeah? Uh, Kegel Notebook, yes, there are tens of other places. There are so many other places at the end of the day, I have to write my code, I have to build my project, that's it. So, doesn't matter whether I'm doing it here or somewhere else.
A baseline is completion of the task is something which matters. In future, do we need a TPU on collab? Uh, no, not like a TPU.
On Gulab, yeah? Okay, so using a cursor ID for everything, I hope it's fine. Okay, coming to that point as well.
So, fine, guys. So, VS Code set up in local, we are able to do it, right? And then Google Collab.
Now, so, in a VS Code and inside a goal collab, you will have to go and write a code, and then there is an extension you can try to install.
Uh, uh, where it will help you out in terms of code completion. And we are living in a world of AI.
Right? Era of core AI, and we are trying to learn generative AI. So technically, we are even trying to learn AI itself.
Right? So obviously, if we are not going to use an AI while learning.
Night, while learning, or while building a project. So, I think, uh… Then what is the use of learning and AI, right? What is the use of learning in AI?
So, obviously, we have to build bigger. See, AI is going to help you out always in terms of building up bigger things, right? Bigger things.
So, obviously, we all have to use, I believe my, uh, yeah, so I'm visible.
So, basically, we have to use an AI, even in a day-to-day basis, while building our things, right? While building our things.
And this is where live coding comes into a picture. So, where you are not supposed to write a many line of code.
A system will do it, with the help of Prompt. We all know that, right? That, okay, I can give a command and then ChatGPT will be able to write, like, a code for me. I believe we all have tried that path. Chatgpt or maybe a… like a cloud day, or maybe PopExlity, or Gemini, there are tons of other platforms, and we have Yuri.
So guys, have you tried Uri yesterday? Yeah, and how was your experience, by the way? Those who are new.
Those who are the old I know, like, they're comfortable with Yuri.
But, uh, have you tried Yuri? Yeah. So maybe after one year, Purple City has given a free access to all the Airtel user in India, right? Maybe after one year, they're going to charge you.
But this will be Avil with Hydron Plus subscription, or your core subscription. Failing? I don't think, though, it's going to fail. Sir, upload option was failing, no?
Maybe only for one people, maybe you can try now. It should not fail.
Yeah, obviously you can't upload, like, a… we have put up some of the limit over there, so if your file size is very, very big GB of TV of file, then it will not work.
Yeah? Are we wrapping for today? Not at all. One more hour to go with my lecture, and then route clearing.
Imagen is not working. Imagen will work if you will select the image option. In the bottom image options, you have to select it. Again, for a web search, real-time web search, you have to select the web search option.
But yeah, I would love to hear your feedback and thoughts on that one.
You are not able to upload the small file, then we'll check. So, uh, we'll check the option.
But yes, it should work. It's one of the stable systems that we have, and it should work all the time, day and night, 24 by 7.
And if we are facing any issues, obviously, every system will be having some minor issues. We'll try to fix it in no time.
Working, not working file size 20MB, please fix. Uh, we'll see how much, uh, I think 5MB team has allowed, maybe we can increase the limit.
Yeah, I was able to upload the images. It will work, guys, anyhow, it will work, yeah? Fine. So, uh, what I was trying to say is that we are living in an era of, we are living in an age of AI. So, obviously, even while doing a coding, we have to use a AI.
Now, this is where a Vive coding comes into our picture. I believe some of you must have heard about a Vive coding.
Those who are not aware about a live coding, let's do it, and let's test it.
So, see, live coding simply means that you will write some prompt, maybe I have to build a small project, right? I'll show you, I'll show you now itself.
So maybe I have to build a small project, and uh… I want an assistance from a system, from an AI, that, okay, let's build a small project from me, from the scratch, right? Maybe for a UI, for a front-end, back-end, all those things.
Uh, maybe I have an existing project, right? I have some project on a GitHub.
And, uh, or maybe somewhere in my local. And I want an AI to explain me that project, or, like, create a README file, create a complete project documentation, maybe a PRD, maybe HLD, maybe LLD for me.
Right? So now, at least we are living in an era where AI will be able to do some of these tasks easily.
Yeah, some of these tasks easily. Now, you must be having a curiosity, or you must be having caution in your mind, that, okay, so if AI is able to write all the code.
Then do we need a developer? Do we need a people?
Yes, we do need. Even after hundreds of years, and believe me, doesn't matter what people are saying, but yeah, so you can go and, like, uh.
Talk to those people who are actually building. I have seen, like, uh, you know, on a social media.
Uh, people are talking a lot about these things, but when I check their background, and when I, like, check, like, what they have built so far, uh, I was not able to find out for majority of people. And those who are building, they are busy with building, so they're not saying anything on social media.
So, all those buzz has been created by a majority of the people. I'm not saying everyone is fake, but yeah, the majority of the people who have not built even a single thing, they just have only one skill, and that skill is to, you know, speak something in a polished way, so that people will believe.
And this is the reality of the social media, and it's nothing new, right? We are not kidding. We all understand that part.
But yeah, believe me, a developer will be required, architect will be required, solution designer will be required, even after hundreds of years, because if you will see the last three decades, right, last.
1990s, then 2000, then after 2010. And, like, almost the fourth decade we are into, right? We are into 2025. So almost into our fourth decade, uh, since the IT revolution, a major IT revolution. There was IT even in 80s, but yeah, it was very less. It was in a very, very initial stage.
So, we are almost in a fourth decade, and you must have seen, or if we'll go and do a Google search, or maybe you must have seen in the movies.
That things are evolving, right? So, the things that we are able to use it easily nowadays, just example, like, mobile phone.
It was… people was not able to even… able to imagine it in 1990s, right? We were literally… so we are… we are basically 90s born.
Right. So, we were literally had to go to a PCO booth, and then from there, we have to, like, give a call, and it's not like, even Landline was common in all the household, at least in my house, there was more landlines. So we had to go to a PCU, and then from there, we have to, like, a… Give a call to someone, and per minute we have to pay, like, a heavy amount. So we were able to talk only for 1 or 2 minutes.
How are you? And then, like, people say, I'm good, and then it's done. So things has evolved a lot, right? Things has evolved a lot. And similarly, we have ended up generating a new problem, whether it's an environmental problem, or whether it's a problem in our society, or whether we are, like, planning to, like, you know, establish our colonies on a Mars, or maybe on a moon.
So, our problem has even changed. A lot. Right? A lot. And even we are able to do a lot of evolution.
So it's not like… and this is something that has been done by a human.
And see, uh, AI, right? So, AI always works based on the thought I'm going to give till a certain extent. It will not be able to think that, okay, fine, this is required, that is required, let's do this, let's do that. In majority of the cases, and even going forward, so as we will keep on evolving, we will keep on generating a new, new, new, new problem.
So, in one single thought, AI will not be able to solve it. That's the first part. Second part is that.
That you will not be able to build an AI, right? You will never be able to build an AI, basically.
Which can develop an end-to-end system with every kind of a security, every kind of a feature, every kind of facilities that we are looking for. The reason is very simple. Ai just understands a pattern. Whatever pattern it has learned with the data that we've fed into the AI system.
It is able to generate, right? It is able to generate. That's the reason, so we say it's a generative AI. It generates, right? But generates based on what? Whatever pattern that we have fed.
Yeah? Whatever. Yes, to a certain extent, it will be able to understand even a new pattern, but on an accuracy side, we have a doubt. So again, same goes with the vibe coding, that with the vibe coding, because we are using it, my entire team is using it. So, obviously, it is able to enhance our capabilities.
Even, like, when we were writing our code before AI era, two and a half year back.
So, it's not like we were not building a system. We were building a system, a lot of systems we have built, and even at that point of a time, it's not like we were writing a code from the scratch. No, we were reusing our own codebases, we were, like, uh… looking into someone's GitHub repository, we were looking into a stack overflow, and we were writing a code. We were developing a system.
Now, the only matter of fact is that, that I have a smart, intelligent.
Basically assistant I am able to get with the help of AI, right? Which is going to, obviously, like, enhance my frequency, I would say, and which is going to give me additional power, additional capabilities.
Where, instead of 10 developer, maybe if you are one very, very good developer, very good one. Again, very good one, not an average one.
So, very good developer? Yes, instead of 10 people, alone you will be able to build some product, yeah? Not a complete product, I would say, which can go for the scale and, you know, which can do everything, but yeah, at least.
Till MVPs, it's very, very easy now. And this is what we have seen in the last three decades, right? Things are becoming easier.
So, I have given you the example of mobile phone and connectivity, right? So, yeah, connectivity was difficult. Now, it's very easy.
Similarly, writing a code was difficult, now it's getting easy, easier, easier, and easier, right? But yeah, we are falling into a new problem statement as well.
So, uh, basically, uh, here, we have our ID, I hope, I hope all of you are able to understand the context of our AI, what I'm talking about.
So, here, in terms of AI, so I can try to use something called as Vive coding.
And there are multiple tools which is available in our market now. One of the famous one is Cursor. I'm not promoting cursor, by the way, but yeah. So, C-U-R-S-OR, just try to search for a cursor, uh, one of, uh, even recently, Google has announced Google, like, uh, Fire, uh.
Your Google Firebox, I think. I'm not able… Fire, sorry, Fire… no, not Fire Call, Firefox.
Will have announced. Not able to recall the exact name, but yes.
Even from a Google, you will be able to find out, but yeah, cursor is… fire is, yes, got it.
There is fire crawl, there is a Firebase… yeah, it's a Firebase, basically. Uh, so, uh, here, uh, you will be able to find out a cursor, one of the most popular one.
The second most popular which I see in a market is called as Windsurf, W-I-N-D-S-U-R-F, Windsurf.
Which is a direct competitor of this one. Now, both of these guys have done what?
So the VS Code that you have installed today, right? A VS Code on top of it, they have built their own wrapper, they have built their own agents, basically.
They have attached a AI models, for example, a GPT model, Gemini model, CloudA model, Cloud A Sonid, they have applied over there.
So that, just with the help of your command, it will be able to generate a code for you, which I'll show you right now, yeah, which I'll show you right now.
Plus, cursor is giving you, even when surf is giving you some free tier, so you can do an experimentation. So, do a very simple thing, guys. Download, yeah? Download for Windows, if I'm using a Windows machine, if you are using a Mac machine.
It is going to give you an option for a Mac as well as for a Linux. So, it's available for all the machines.
So just download it, and again, installation is very quick. I have already opened up my cursor, let me close it.
Yeah? So, just execute. So, cursor is already available in my system, by the way, yeah? Accept the agreement, next, next, next, and done. Let me ping you the link, by the way, guys, for a cursor.
So, this is a cursor. Open up. Download and install. Now, this cursor.
Is going to help you out directly, without even, like, asking Yuri or ChatGPT or Gemini. This cursor is going to help you out directly to, you know.
Write a code. In terms of wildcoding. These are paid ones. Everyone is a paid one. They are giving you some free tiers, basically.
A company laptop will not allow, yes. So, if you're using company laptop, so you have to ask for a permission from your admin.
I'm not saying that it's for everyone. Those who are blocked, basically, because majority of the company gives you a laptop, and they block the.
Additional installation, and if you're looking for some additional installation, you have to, like, you know, go with the admin permission. So, you can, you should go and ask your admin.
If you would like to use it. Otherwise, use the existing one.
Fine, guys, yes? Okay.
So, uh, GitHub, there are so many options nowadays. Again, for a cursor and windsoft, right, so there are, like, 10 other options which is available.
But again, products are if half-cooked or half-baked. So, in that case, you will feel frustrated in terms of using it.
Right? We'll use another LAPI then. Yes, yeah.
Because otherwise, you can go to… go and check with your admin. Majority of times, your admin will allow, so.
They won't be having any kind of issue, because you are not installing anything suspicious. It's a ID, just an additional ID.
Yeah? Colab could we use? You can use anything that you want, but yeah, so you, like, uh, depends upon your convenience. My personal choice, I'm talking about over here, your personal choice could be different, but yeah, try this out, maybe your personal choice will change.
Simple, yeah? Now, so cursor… Download it, install it, just like a VS Code, a no-hustle kind of a system, again. So, where you will not find any issues.
Now, again, open up CURSOR, search for the cursor, so maybe in your Mac system or Linux, or maybe into your Windows, search for the cursor.
Now, I'll show you a live coding, a flavor of Wive coding. We'll do a lot, it's just my first class, right? Technical class. Uh, we are going through.
So, you will be able to find out, let me close my existing, like, project. So, uh, and let me open up a fresh folder over here. So, you will be able to find out this interface.
Which is similar, which is similar to the VS Code that you have installed. Because, technically.
Karsar is our VS Code, right? Vs Code, like I said, it's an open source project by Microsoft.
And many people, so even if you have seen in my previous company, so we have created a lab, a complete lab. So, where you don't have to do any kind of installation in a local machine, you just have to click Label Spin, and then you will be able to write a full-fledged code.
I'm not saying that just like a Jupyter notebook, kind of. No, full-scale code. The way you are writing it over here, so even we have done the same thing back then. I think two and a half years back, I have built that project, and I have launched it in my previous company, and people have literally loved it.
Right? Literally, they have loved it. Uh, I don't know, in Urolab, exactly. So, people who are coming from the past, they remember that, right?
Uh, so we have, we have built it, so we have even modified the VS Core, because VS Code is an open source project, so everyone, even WindSelf, right? Another one which I told you.
So even if you'll go through a winter, Windsoft is doing the same thing, like, they are modifying, uh, the same VS Code.
Right? So don't go and build, like, uh, things from the scratch. They just, like, use the VS Code, and then, obviously.
A lot of agents, lot of wrapper, they have built it on their own. That's the reason it's working in that way, right? Okay, so here, open up a cursor, guys. Now, I'll go to File.
Same as VS Code, right? Open folder, and then let's suppose I'm going to create a test VIB, test drive.
Yep, so let's do a test wave coding. So, created a test vibe folder, select a folder.
And, uh, as of now, there is nothing, right? There is nothing.
There is nothing in this one. And on your right-hand side, yeah, on your right-hand side, you will be able to see.
Let me show you that. So, on your right-hand side, you will be able to see this new chat option. If you're not able to see it.
Click, click. This panel. Just follow my mouse cursor, red dot, yeah, red dot.
Uh, it's easy peasy kind of a thing. So click, click. So, you will be able to see a new chat option, yeah? New chat option.
And, uh, here, so you will be able to see an agent ask, background, all those things here.
You will be able to see all the models. If you are going to click on Auto, by default, I believe when you install, it will be on auto by default, yeah? Auto means model selection, it will do automatically.
If you are going to, like, you know. Hide it, then it will show you the model it is using. So, it is using, basically, Cloud SONet 3.503 Gemini, GP, this, this, this.
And you can add your own model as well. For example, uh, so there, let's suppose they're charging you, right? Obviously, after a certain limit.
They are going to charge you, right? They are going to ask for $20, and maybe, like, their max plan is, I think, for $100, I believe. So, here, you can try to add even Yuri API key. But yeah, URI API key, we are giving you 1 lakh per day.
So, it will be exhausted very soon, within 5-10 minutes, it will be exhausted. If you are generating a code.
But there is a possibility that you can even give an access.
So technically, see, this is the IDE. It will be having an AI model access, right? So, as you can see, it is having a Cloud A4 sonet, 3.5 Sonet, 03 Gemini. Gpt 4.140.
Now, if you will go and check… Right, if you'll go and check Iran, so even inside a uran, inside a URI, you have those model axes, right? And for the same model, we have given you APIs. So, see.
4.0 Mini 4.1, you have an access, actually, right? You have an access, and even inside the API, if you will go and check.
So we have given you those actions. So I have labeled models, uh, let me, let me, let me go to introduction, and then OpenAI. These model access you have with the API, right?
So, it is possible, and cursor is giving you an option where you can try to attach your own model, maybe an open source model, which you are running in a local, or maybe you are running on a cloud.
So, it is possible to attach, uh, like, a URI API over here, uh.
So that you don't have to go and give, like, a $20, by the way, yeah?
Uh, but again, one lakh is a daily limit that we have given to you. So, it will not be, like, possible to build an entire.
Project out of it, because API comes with the cost, and we are giving you 365 lakh.
For an entire year, right? Because whatever you buy from Euron, you are having, like, a 365 days of access, so it's the 365 lakh, so it is already costing us a bomb.
Right? We are planning to bring some, like, a plan, I don't know whether I will launch that or not, where… on paper-use basis, if someone is looking for additional API, they can go ahead and, like, use it.
But yeah, I'm just thinking on that, like, a pricing model, basically. Because I don't want to, you know, go high on my course prices, so you're on plus prices, basically. So that's the reason. And API is technically giving us a lot of cost.
So here, right, uh, this is basically a chat prompt, or chat window, so where you can write something, and it is going to take a help of those AI model.
That you see in the market, right? That you see in a market, that you see inside the UD. Because at the end of the day, this is the browser, this needs an access of the model, and cursor never, ever… they have trained.
Or are released their own model. They are using all the model from outside. Same goes with the windsurf. They have not created their own model.
And the same goes with even Iran. We have never created, we have never claimed that we have fine-tuned or we have created any model. No, we are giving you.
Access of those world-class model. This is what we say. Yeah, this is what we say.
Those companies won't restrict you, sir, which company? No, we are paying, right? Obviously, which company is going to restrict me? Because, uh, proprietary model-wise, I'm using an OpenAI model. I'm paying for that, right?
We are paying for an API, basically. So, why they will, like, restrict me? And then, like, whatever model which is an open source model, so we have hosted it on our platform, on our GPUs, right? We are doing inferencing from there.
So, who will restrict me? And what is the reason behind that? Nothing, right?
Yep. Okay, so now, right? Now, uh, let's talk about this cursor. So, basically, like I said, so this cursor is again a VS Code that you have already installed. Install now, new update.
Fine. And, uh, it is going to help you out in terms of doing a live coding. So… Let's do one live coding. So, let's suppose I'm, like, a person.
Who is not available about a coding at all means, literally, I'm zero. I'm absolute zero in coding, I don't understand coding.
Right? And still, I will be able to build… not a big one, I would say, but a very, very small project, yeah?
So, any idea, guys, you can give? So, what kind of a project? A small one, just give me the small, small idea.
That's a random one. I'll show you the power of IP coding, by the way. Calculator is, like, everyone does that. I can even ask Yuri and… it'll be done. React app, to-do app, okay, email generation, stop loss, TikTok. Tiktok is also, like, it's a small game.
Give me, give me something, something unique, something unique. Neural language to SQL. That is also, like, a very easy Facebook app, uh, yeah, UI-wise, medical chat, but again, stock price prediction, scam email.
Travel planner application, okay? People, now they're giving, like. Dial plan, face recognition, your own platform… no, your own platform is the wrong way. Like, see, the very big one, it will not be able to generate anyhow.
Right. Uh, price, uh.
Freelancing website, okay. Train booking system… Okay, I'm looking for some interesting, like, because one I'll pick.
Stock prediction, blog, how to convert language, train booking system, ATM hacking, okay? Convert image to PDF to validate data into Excel sheet, quiz app.
Rip, or YouTube text, blog, IPL match, ticket booking. Okay, let's, uh, uh, build IPL match ticket booking, yeah?
Let's how we do it. I'll salvage sake, take something else.
Ssc exam.
Okay, so basically, here, I'm… see, I'm completely blank, I'm going after your suggestions, so whatever suggestion that you have given.
Instaboost poster weather prediction, ticket booking system, uh, team meeting summarizer, okay.
No, I would like to, like, build something with a UI and backend both.
Yep, document version, we can practically test also. Yeah, practically we can test everything, by the way. Okay, so let's go ahead and, uh, let's try to, like, uh… build one project. You can, you can build on your own thoughts, right? But let me, like, uh… and let's imagine that I'm not going to write even a single line of code here, not even a single line of a code, even if it is going to give me an error.
I'll just try to ask an ID to solve that error, and do the iterations for me, and build a best project for me, yeah? So, I am planning to build.
Planning to build. Or, one more approach, uh, which I used to follow, right? So, the approach which I used to follow is that, that, let's suppose I'm going to Uri, yeah? I'm going to Yuri. I have selected maybe any model, maybe even Gemini, I can try to select. Gemini 105 Pro.
So, I am… I'm planning to… Planning to build a… IPL, ticket.
Booking system. Uh, write all the… basic, initial… features for me, and along with this.
Gave me a… Complete… system… design, and it's… 11th component for… uh, me.
And use, uh… tech stack.
Moan, or maybe I'll say, like, a… Python for backend, and then… use any… for… front end. Okay, so basically, I've written something, right? So, just a rough note I have written, and just I'm asking a Gemad 1.5 Pro.
That, okay, so just give me a rough idea, and give me all the features around this entire thing. This is what I have asked, and let's see. So, Gemini Pro should give me some idea.
And I will be using that idea.
Yeah, so it has started giving me, as you can see, like, some ideas with respect to my MVPs, that, okay, you should have this feature, that feature. And like I said, let's imagine that I'm new, right? I'm completely new to a system.
Which I'm trying to build, and I literally have no idea that what kind of a feature I should do, uh, what feature I should not do, and people have given me many, like, options, right? Uh, many options, many platforms to build.
So, first of all will be the ideation phase. So, where I would like to understand that if I'm trying to build, and this is how every project moves, if I'll talk about the POC and MVPs.
That, okay, so I'll try to do an investigation. Now, investigation is pretty much easy now, right? So, previously, we do, like, a lot of, like.
Competitor comparison as well, that how their platform looks like, what they're providing, what they're not providing.
But now we have our AI, and even inside our AI itself, we can do those comparisons. So, I've just asked that, okay, fine, so I'm trying to build an IPL ticket booking system.
Now, for this MBPs, they give me something. So, a user-facing feature will be match, uh, match listing and filtering, interactive stadium seat map, uh, seat selection and booking.
Uh, booking time, user authentication, secure payment, ET card generation, notification, right? Admin-facing. So there will be a user-facing, admin-facing, from where you will be able to control everything. So this should be the feature, initially, I should give inside the admin-facing.
This is the system design architecture, so there will be an entry point, web browser, there will be entry point from while app, and maybe API, through API. All will go inside a CDN, so which will distribute my entire traffic. Basically, it will go inside the API gateway, and then there will be a multiple service I can create. So, user service, match service, booking service, payment service, notification service, right? And everyone is going to hit, eventually, a SQL.
Now, I understand these things, by the way. I understand these terminology, but maybe many of us won't understand, right? Won't understand.
That's again fine, right? That's again fine. So, here, right, so here it has given me a skeleton. Now, what I do, right, in terms of doing a live coding, I'll just copy the user interfacing part.
Let's not build the admin part as of now. I'll just copy it.
I'll just paste it here. It has generated the complete plan, copy and paste. I don't know what I'm pasting, by the way. I have just copy and pasted, let me keep it in an auto mode.
Yeah? Copy and paste it. Now… Click. And now see the magic. Avive coding.
Simple. So, go to AI, generate the entire plan, bug in if you think that something is missing, re-prompt it, and ask the correct question that, okay, fine, so do this, do that for me. Uh, maybe this is missing.
And it will start doing it. Now, once your plan is ready, once you know that what you have to create on a user side, on an admin side, an operations side, everything, right?
Uh, once your plan is ready, and just in one prompt, right? Just in my very first prompt, I have not even done the second prompt.
Simple. I have not even done the second prompt. Maybe second, third. I can refine a lot, right? Same thing, I will be able to refine the lot.
So, go to Yuri, give your prompt, and… check. Now, as you can see, it has started creating a project for me. I can even tell this, that, okay, use this technology stack, and it will be using only that technology stack.
And it is a using, basically, like a Monstack, right? And, uh, most of us don't even understand.
Please show the prompt in Yuri. Which prompt? Go ahead and give your own prompt, right? I think, why do you need… My prompt.
Remember, I have given some rough prompt with a lot of spelling mistakes and lines and, like, I don't know about the grammar, so there must be a lot of grammatical mistake.
We have AI, so it is able to understand everything and then, like… It is able to do it. I can even share this entire page with you. Let me share this entire same page, right? You can, like, check this out.
This URI page. So inside a URI, we have a share option.
So I don't have to, you know, copy-paste it. You can see in the exact same manner, the manner I'm able to see it inside URI.
Okay, so let's go back to the cursor. It's working for me, it's like, uh, writing a code.
A lot of code it is trying to write.
So, it will take time, maybe, like, a 15-20 minute of time sometimes. Sometimes it takes even a… for a small project, I would say. Sometime, uh, for me, from my personal experience, it takes even an hour, maybe sometimes 2 hours of time, because it will give you a bug, maybe.
It has created something which you don't want, so you have to, like, go ahead and you have to, like, write a prompt again, you have to do a lot of iterations. Sometimes you have to go into a code and say that, okay, fine, change this line.
And this is where developer is required. And I'm talking about just this kind of a small project, right?
See, I'm trying to show you a vibe coding, so that you will be able to understand that what AI can do, and then what will be my responsibility.
So it's not like AI will be able to do everything. So if I'll be having a bug, obviously, I have to understand the code.
So my… yesterday, someone was asking me a question that, uh, we are into a generative AI era, right? So, do we need to learn, like, statistics and, you know, machine learning algorithms, those probabilities… probabilistic-based models?
My answer will be always yes, even after 10 years. That you should. Whatever we are able to build today, whether it's a space chip or whether it's, like, anything, rocket.
It's on a basic principle, right? And you have to even… even computer. So because of that, computer exists.
So, you and anyone who is starting, obviously you have to learn.
Otherwise, you will not be able to build.
Uh, what is the main difference between Copilot and Cursor? Technically, like, uh… A cursor is a full-scale agentic-based system, so where they invoke a lot of agents, they try to maintain a lot of context, they can understand the long, like, long-term memory, and they have given you this CloudSunet access, which is one of the.
Model, which, like, generates a huge amount of the code in one single prompt, means context length is bigger, basically. That's the difference.
Human will be tested, AI will be delivered on a lighter node. Ah, no, not like that. I don't agree with that statement.
How we have integrated cursor with VS. No, Cursor has given you the ID, so we have not integrated it, we have just downloaded the cursor from cursor.com.
You will say, write the prompt in VS Copilot, asking for Copilot login. Okay, so then log in?
You are the same, yeah, because they have used, like, even for wind surf, if you are going to use a wind surf, right, UI is going to be the same. Even this Firebase, if you are going to use… so, okay, let's this AI generate my code, I'll keep it in my different screen.
And, uh, let me talk about… because that will take time. Like I said, 15-20 minute time. If I would have given a calculator app kind of application, it would have done that by now.
In 30 seconds. But yeah, so I have given some complex applications, so it will take some time. Still, it's working for me. It's generating a code.
Uh, there is something called as Firebase, so even they have used, uh.
This VS Code, but yeah, in a browser. So recently, recently means, I think, 3-4 big back, right? Uh, so Google had released this, uh, like, Firebase Studio, which works inside a browser. And if you will see the interface, it's a VS Code interface itself. So, you can go to Firebase.
And you can try this out, and you can, like, give a prompt, and from the prompt, it will start generating. For example.
Uh, uh, built… uh… modern… calculator app for me with an.
Amazing UI interface. A colorful one.
Colorful one, with, uh… team of… Netflix. Fine? It will, it will also work. I can select a technology from here. So, like I said, Google Firebase Studio, and basically, it's, uh, you can invoke it inside a browser itself.
So there is no installation, no download is required. It's working. And here is my cursor. See how hard it is working for me.
Very, very hard, right? Writing a lot of code for me. My concern is still working.
It is creating, like, a one-by-one everything. And again, so Firebase Studio.
So, just imagine where we have, like, a moved now. I'm just trying to show you that flavor, that where we have moved now. And just imagine, if I'm going to open up one single file, right? If I'm going to open up one single file.
You will be amazed that, okay, if I'm going to ask some human being to write the same thing, right, the basic one, the template one.
The skeleton one, you can say. How much time it will take? And for AI.
See? Yeah. So my AI assistant is working.
And I don't even understand the code. You are really a hardcore coder with prompt. Yeah, anyone can become now.
So, see, it was never about a coding, I would say. See, it was even, uh, like, a 5-year back, 10-year back, right?
It was always about a product, the mindset and the business use cases, the user problem you were able to solve.
As simple as that. So, it was relevant 5-year, 10-year, or 20-year back, and it is relevant even now. Tech was just a substitute, tech was just a bridge.
Which was trying to give a user and a business a convenient, a lot of convenience. This is where only text comes into a picture.
But, uh, it was always about the idea, a thought process, and a problem.
And people who will be able to, like, you know, generate an idea, they will be able to solve a new problem of a modern age. Believe me.
They will always be relevant. There will always be relevant, literally, they will always be relevant.
Uh, but still, we have a coding interview. Yeah, but I think almost all the big companies, right, even Meta, if you'll go and check the news.
So, Facebook kind of a company, they are allowing you to use AI in an interview directly.
So, AI-based this kind of IDE, right? Because they wanted to understand your approach, your thought processing. For example, someone has asked me that generate IPL ticker booking. So, obviously, I have just given this prompt to my AI, and then it has given this skeleton, I will again chat, I will try to ask for the edge cases, I will try to ask for the security measures.
I'll be looking for all this tools. Now, based on my experience, right, I have seen that with other tools, so I will be doing the same thing over there.
So this is where now companies are looking for. And plus.
If AI has generated a code, right, and if someone is going to ask me a question that explains me this piece of code, the selected one, right?
I should be in a position to explain this one immediately.
So, AI is writing a code, that's completely fine, right? But if someone is going to ask me to execute and explain me this code, right, or maybe add some feature, maybe a small feature into this one.
As a developer, I'm supposed to do it. If I'm not able to do it, then there is no use of using an AI.
Simple.
Okay, still working. Let me check my Firebase… okay, what happened to my Firebase studio? It is not working.
Okay, so Firebase Studio is taking a lot of time. So, bad user experience, by the way.
And my cursor is, like, working very hard, so good user experience.
Files are automatically created? Yeah, I can just ask a question that, okay, fine, so try to do a modular, keep it modular, and, like, keep all the files separate.
It will be created automatically. Again, for the Python. Even it will be able to do an execution, and it will be able to test it, by the way.
So that is also possible.
Please run the execution. Do I need to run the execution? Because it's showing me this flashy things, uh… Which, uh, needs to be, like, you know.
Sorted, okay. So, let me rename. I never… I don't use Firebase frequently, so… not frequently, I would say. I never used to create any project, because.
A cursor is more than enough for me. And you just need one AI, so…
I don't know what it is trying to create, but yeah.
We'll build a modern age with an… Amazing UI.
Calculator.
Yeah, he will do it. Hmm, started creating my calculator.
The Firebase Studio. Yeah, write the app.
Can you ping the Firebase Studio? Uh, yeah, I can do it. Uh, here is the one.
Yeah, so this Firebase is working, and hopefully my… Keep all, okay? So, all is done, okay, fine. Complete the eyeball mesh. Okay, so now, as you can see, that it is able to build the entire system, and core feature implemented, match listing and filtering.
Interactive stadium setup map, seat selection and booking, book timer, 10-minute countdown, use authentication profile, this, this, this, this, this, so all of this. Technical stack, front-end-wise, it has selected, uh, Next.js, React, and TypeScript. Uh, for styling, for, like, UI, so it has selected, uh, Tailwind CSS for database, Postgres.
And Prism ORM, authentication-wise, Next.js Auth. Payment system-wise, Stripe, it is using. I can ask them to, like, integrate a PayPal, it will do it. Upi, it will do it.
Uh, like a Rosal pay, it will do it. Real-time, socket I.O. It is using for the real-time communication. Email handle-wise, so NodeMail it is using, QR code-wise, QR code library. Now, databases, schema-wise, it has created already.
Now, sample data, it has already put the sample data, right?
Now, I have to do what? So, I have to basically… it has given me a setup, it has… it has basically given me a command by which I will be able to execute it.
And the fun part is, I have not written even a single line of code throughout this entire thing, right? Now, so… set up a database, I'll just ask. So, do one thing, do one thing for me.
Execute. Execute, test, and… debug for me. So I'm a very lazy person, by the way. I don't want to, like, you know… Uh, even execute.
Or run one single command, not even a npm… command, so… I'll just ask my AI.
Fireless Creator Calculator. Yeah, it will create. It's still creating for me, I don't know why it is taking so much of time.
But yeah.
Stand up this article, though, sir.
Uh, sir, there are much of noise about the AGI. Could you please tell me about it? So, FullForm is artificial general intelligence.
When I was trying to, like, understand it, right? So… The only thing which I was able to understand that, okay, people are trying to attach some sort of, you know, a wrapper on top of this one, so that they can control it.
They can put a lot of, like, uh, gargil over there, they can give more control to a human being, because there are a bunch of a group of people, you can say, so who are afraid.
Uh, that, uh, going forward, so AI should not take over a human being. Uh, so this is where this, uh.
Whole concept of AGI is coming into a picture for now. Maybe that definition will change in the future.
Would it really impact the employment? See, this code, if you are going to ask a developer to write, so maybe you need two, three people, and you have to give at least three to four weeks of time.
At least to create this boilerplate, right? I'm not saying, like, a full scale. Obviously, to make it fuller scale, to add a lot of things on top of this one, you… need a real developer.
Right? But at least for… see, auth system, again, common everywhere. All those, like, elements, common everywhere. Chad system, common everywhere, right?
So, yeah, you can do it, AI can do it easily, right?
And now it is testing my things, I have just given one bad command, do one thing, uh, for me, execute, test, and debug for me. So it is, it is like, uh, executing, running, installing.
Uh, so see, npm install, it is doing installation automatically. I'm not even, like, trying to install this one.
Nothing so simple. Open up your terminal. So, see, this entire cursor ID is your VS Code, so click over here, new terminal. Now, from this new terminal, type git INIT, and then create a repository, push it. I'll show you that. Just wait. Wait for, like.
It will take, like, a 30 second of time for me to push on a GitHub repository.
Just 30 seconds. So, once will be test, like, good. It is, like, running the code.
I'm fixing the bug, as you can see. See? Everything has been done by itself.
I just wanted to see the final flavor.
For using a cursor, do we need to log in? Yeah, I think after some time, right, you will end up exhausting your free quota.
Then they will ask you for a login, and then they will ask you for a payment as well.
Cicd pipeline. We can do everything. Just… imagination is the limit, believe me, in the age of AI. And hope all of you are able to… Uh, those, those who have not seen that, right, so… you will feel amazed, believe me, you will feel amazed. And that's the reason why I'm showing you that what AI can do, so that going forward, when we learn.
Our mindset should be very much aligned. That let's build a big thing. Do not stick ourselves towards just a small learning.
Have you used a cloudy code? I mean, like, it's not a Cloudy code, uh, I have used so many times, like.
Yeah, it depends what application I'm looking into.
You said I'm that kind of a lazy person who can't run the code even… I mean, like, I'm just behaving… I said that I'm behaving like a lazy person as of now, yeah? So that I can show you that what AI can do. I don't want to…
Like, run my code even, so I just ask my AI that, okay, do it for me, and… So I'm just trying to show you the capability of AI.
So, why are you coding, right? I have already mentioned, see, now it's starting the database, clean the existing data, creating a team, it has, you know, tested each and everything, it has basically, like, uh.
Fixed all the bugs, because yes, there was a bug, and I can see in a log that it was trying to fix all of those bugs, so I can see over here that it was trying to fix all of these bugs.
And now, uh, it is starting. So, starting a database seeding. Now, excellent, now let me start the development server. Okay, amazing. So now it is starting the development server for me.
We recently had a scenario of a replay that had a concern of production and dev environment, so what is your opinion? We are the company? See, this is the reason you need a developer. Blindly, whatever code it has created, you can't trust, right? You should not expose your vulnerable part, maybe a port or any.
Like, uh, any credentials which may give an access to some XYZ system to enter in your system.
So this is where you need a real developer. That's the reason I'm saying live coding is just behaving like your helper, your assistant.
Right? You need a real developer, a good one, actually. A better-than-before kind of a developer.
I think debuggers are more required. Not debuggers. Even a person who can… you see, I always appreciate… see.
Whenever we build even a real-time application, right, 80% of the time, most of the time, most of the project, 80% of the time goes in the debugging.
So that's a real skill. And, uh, basically, if you're able to debug anything, it simply means that you understand the whole code base, right?
Let me check the server is running using a power cell.
Invoke request? Okay, so at 3000 port local host, let me check.
And, uh, see, guys, what we are able to build with the help of Vive Coding.
I think it looks amazing, right? Yes?
Template to build, 2 hours to build. See, these are the names, these are the things that we use to get on our social media, which we should not believe. That's the reason I keep on saying that. There are so many people who try to give a GAN over a social media, and most of the people have not even tried building anything.
Right? Not even a simple application. And they're giving us. So, it's not like a thumb rule that, uh.
C once, and then apply everywhere. No, not at all. Development doesn't work in that way.
Yeah? So, see, and if I'm going to ask that, and see, I have taken a random project.
Right? Random project, I went to AI, I have asked for all the requirements, I was not aware about a requirement, what I should, like, build, basically, as an IPL ticket booking system.
So AI has given me requirement, I have just copied and pasted those requirements, asked, waited for some time, asked it to do a debugging and testing and installation and everything, right? And finally, we are able to get something like this.
And see, IPL ticker booking. And here. All these features are available to me, right?
All this feature, I can book a seat, slot buys. I'm able to, like, see it. I can apply a filter, I can search based on the teams, right? So, Raistan Royals, Punjab, King Sun, all those things. Venu-wise, I can try to, like, select over here, Mohan Bagan.
Rate range I can try to filter out, right? There are some bugs, obviously. I can ask that to, like, you know, show me all of these things without even highlighting, in a drop-down.
And it will be able to do it, yeah? It will be able to technically.
Do it for me.
Right? Yeah? So, this is the power of AI. Again, so sign up for wise.
Which is very common across all the platforms, right? Whatever platform you're going to create. Uh, so it is able to create the entire sign-up. It will be able to attach to my DB, and then finally, I'll test it, I'll try to add… see, this is the basic feature that it has built. It's not a very advanced feature, right? In a real time, when you will go.
There are a lot of educators which comes into a picture, so as a business stakeholder, I am supposed to aware about those age cases. Believe me, right? This is a very, very, very, very… still a basic one, I would say. It's not at all an advanced one.
Yeah? Not at all advanced one. And believe me, not real time. So this is where a real developer, a real architect, a real people comes into a picture, and I keep on saying.
That, uh, although we are able to generate this, which is a boilerplate code, I still say that this is just a boilerplate code, right? Developers are good ones, not a beginner one. And that's the reason, so people have stopped hiding someone who say that, uh, I know this language, I know that language. No. That part is gone now.
Right? And if company is hiring, maybe in a very near future, within 6 months of time, uh, that will be gone.
So, you should know that, okay, how I can use 10 different, different tools, I understand the code, right? 10 different if we do, I can build faster, I can explain faster, I can debug faster.
Right? I can move faster. Time has gone where you go to the company for an interview and say that I'm a person who is very good with the learning, right? I'm a quick learner. No one is going to buy that line now.
Believe me, no one is going to buy that line, that I'm a good learner, because a definition of learning itself has changed.
The learning which was taking, like, maybe one year of time, and the same thing I will be able to learn maybe just in a month of time.
Yes, yeah? So, I'll keep on showing you, but yeah, so this is my example of a live coding, and you can use cursor, you can use WinSuff.
And let me check my fire… okay, so it has… it has done something. Uh, Firebase Studio.
Yeah, so it has done something like, uh, is it a modern calculator? I don't know, like… Okay, calculate the age inside. So maybe I have to give a prompt, more prompt.
Uh, but yeah, so, uh, this one is, uh, like, you know, is able to build each and everything for me, and it looks amazing. Looks amazing in the first place.
I can try to, like, host it, I can try to test it, I can even ask that, okay, add this feature, add that feature.
And we'll be able to do it. So, just use a cursor, build a couple of things, right, with a cursor, break a couple of things, uh, maybe in Python, or maybe in Java, maybe in C, C++, whatever language, whatever language, whatever framework, whatever database is, right?
That you would like to use, use it. And for idea generation.
Use AI for, like, just like me, like, Yuri, or maybe ChatGPT?
Yeah, okay. So, hope all of you are enjoying this class, guys.
Everyone? Yeah? If I can get some, like, something, some comment?
Yes? So, believe me, my classes are not going to be boring. That I can assure.
And I will get to know a lot of things, on every level.
The ideology part is amazing. Yeah, this is the place we start, by the way. See, if you're going to, like, give this kind of a prompt to your… this one, right?
Uh, maybe it will not be able to respond back. So, idea generation, and again, we… just our first, like, hand idea.
It's like, we have to do a lot of iterations. A lot of edge cases.
Sir, we learned GenAI or use this tool. Uh, we learn, actually, Gen AI, so… This tool is just, uh, like, a helper, like I said, even before this, we had a GitHub repository, a lot of GitHub repository, and even before that, we had a stack overflow, right? Where we would code, and then we go to check, uh, go and check.
Sir, after 2 hours, give a break. You can take a break, it's fine. I'll do a dout cleaning in between.
A great learning and giving a test of the power of your AI. This is just a day… day one, I would say. Study was day zero, so, uh, long way to go.
Long way to go, you are going to spend a lot of time with me, uh, so, obviously.
Uh, you will see a lot of things, and even I will learn a lot of things from you guys.
Can we use cloud? I'll use everything, don't worry. So, just a matter of time. As we'll progress, I'll use everything. Since, at the end of the day, we have to create a full-scale application.
So we'll do it. So fine, guys, uh, hope we are good with respect to our local system setup, so we are able to do a local system setup. We also know that, okay, on a cloud, so Google Collab, we can write a code.
Uh, we also know that we can do a YU coding with a cursor, with a wind surf, or maybe with the Firebase Studio, and I have already shown you the flavor of, uh… Vive coding, what technically, or what actually Vive coding is.
Uh, just one application, I have shown it to you. So, I believe we are good for today's class, and topic-wise.
Uh, we are able to cover only this part. Only part number one. So, major framework intro, uh, URI API use. Now, once our system setup is ready, right.
Then only I can show you how we can use a Yuri API or other major framework. For example, a Llama Index, a Langchain, an AutoGen, a N8N.
Because sample integration we have given to you, but I have to show you a small, small use cases and applications, so that you will be able to understand that what is the actual meaning of an agent. When I say agent, right?
What is the meaning of it? We'll create it, and then we'll understand. What is the meaning of a tool? What is the meaning of a memory system? What is the meaning of RHG? All of these things. So, in my upcoming class.
This is going to be the agenda. The first one I'm going to cover is a URI API ecosystem, that how you can use a Yuri API, by the way, and then.
I will be covering a major framework introduction, and that framework are basically these frameworks. Langchain, Crew AI, AutoGen, Llama Index, uh, Langraph. So I'll give you intro first, because if you will go through a syllabus.
Everything we have to discuss in detail. The gentleman's literally, like, a lot of details we have to discuss. So, intro first, and then.
We will… so once my intro will be done, let me go to a syllabus once again.
So, now let me tell you where we are. So, basically, we are here, even now, right? Even now. We have not even covered this one, we are trying to cover this particular portion, and uh… We are yet to cover this particular portion.
As well, right? So, maybe it will take next Saturday class for me to cover this particular portion, then I'll gradually move into this one, and the next one, the next one.
Give me some homework. I will not give you homework now. Homework will come when I'll start discussing your framework.
Yeah, as of now, it's fine. Just chill, enjoy, don't take much of pressure, uh, don't get afraid of AI.
It's fine. Enjoy your life. Uh, regarding Python Basic, how many lecture we should see, so… we have already uploaded. Uh, try to go till at least, oops, programming goes. I think till, oops, I have uploaded, right?
Okay, only till oops, means, uh, means, means, uh, 30, 31st lecture, yeah?
Just, just try to cover till that part.
I want to build a portfolio page using a VIP code. Yeah, you can do it now itself, within, like, next 5 minutes.
Next weekend, we have our Akshabandhan. Yeah, we do have our Akshabandan, but uh… I am not going to give a leave.
To any one of you, uh, basically for Arakshabandan, because I think, like, we can, we can manage, right? So we can… Uh, because even my sister will be here, uh, so I already told them that, uh, please try to come here.
After 1 o'clock, so that my class will be over. And I think, uh, we have a time till 2 work log. Muharad buys.
So, till 2 o'clock, you can, like, celebrate Akshaban then. As per the calendar, so… we are not canceling the class. We have a class.
When course will complete, um… course, 3-4 months?
Uh, from today's lab, I feel that, should I not waste my time learning a language nowadays? Yeah, see, you learn fast. This is something which has changed the last two, two and a half years, right? Learn fast. You should not, like, you know, estimate that I will learn in one year, or six months, and then I'll do this, then… No, that time has literally gone.
Things have literally changed, so you have to adopt. The modernization. You have to adopt new things.
Right? And because once you will start moving fast, right? You will realize that, okay, we have to build a lot, right? We have to build a lot. There are a lot of ideas, there are a lot of thoughts you will be able to get. But yeah, if you'll move slow.
Obviously, uh… It will take time, yeah? So let me close each and everything, guys. Now, so… Those who is not having a doubt, I'm done with my today's class, by the way, yeah? So those who is not having any kind of a doubt, they can drop off.
Those who have any kind of a question, uh, for me, like, uh, those who would like to discuss anything with me, so let me lower all the hands.
Uh, you can raise your hand, so you will be able to see a raise hand option. So, raise your hand. I think we have done that drill yesterday.
So we are going to follow the same drill today. Uh, one by one, I'm going to unmute, and then ask the question. I'll try to answer.
Yeah? So, fine, go ahead with the Arman. First, Arman, then Ganesh, then Saeed, then Jubair, then… Ramesh, then Sumes, and then Anil. Yeah, go ahead, please. One by one.
And then those are among yourself. You know, I want to vote.
Yeah. Yeah, hi, Harman. Yeah, go ahead, please. Yeah, you are audible, yes, yes.
Yeah, so now, in the course, you said at one point we have to learn statistics, deep learning, and machine learning.
Mm-hmm.
So we're taking this Gen AI course at what time we'll be requiring that we have to learn all this MLDL concepts.
Uh, see, if timing, I think, see, I can give you a rough estimation, but at the end of the day, it's your time, so you have to spend.
Muslim, at which particular point of time we have to learn that concept.
Yeah, by taking this course, by taking this course, I mean.
In… for this… for this course.
There's an insecting.
It's not required, actually. As per… as per this course syllabus, it's not required, right? But yeah, so let's suppose, uh, if you would like to, like, understand the entire data science stack with a generative AI.
Right? Then, obviously, like, MLDL, so starting from, like, Python, then stats, then machine learning, then deep learning, then computer vision, then NLP, so you have to follow that sequence. Now, that will give you a complete.
100% understanding, a practical knowledge, theoretical knowledge, algorithmic knowledge. Mathematical knowledge, uh, about the entire data science tag.
Okay, and…
So, you can go in that way. But for this one, it's not required. For this one, machine learning is not a prerequisite. Deep learning is not a prerequisite. Nlp is not a prerequisite. I have just kept only one prerequisite, and that is basic of Python for this one.
Okay, so my next question is, like, as you said, you are coming from different, different backgrounds.
And at the particular point, you're required to learn different tech stacks. So, what was your approach? Like, for example, you're new to any technology, you don't know anything about that, so how would you start from that, in this age of AI?
See, I'm a… see, not an age of AC, it's my habit, I would say, since a childhood, right? I was not, uh… kind of a student who will go to school and, like, go to college and then take a note of it, and then, you know, obey each and everything which teacher used to say. I was a kind of a student that if school has prescribed NCRT, there was a, like, books published by Bharti Bhavan and Student Friends.
I usually read those books. So I was kind of a, like, an experienced self-learner, uh, since beginning. I was not a very disciplined student in terms of, you know, going to a school, doing all the homework, attending all those exams.
But yeah, I do a lot of, like, uh… So, a simple thing which I used to say since many, many years, that before started… before you start learning anything.
First, you should learn how to sit on your chair for a very, very long time.
Right? Because that's the problem with major of us, majority of us. We are not able to sit on the same chair in the same position for a very, very long time, right? And everything requires a dedication, effort.
Uninterrupted dedication nowadays in an age of, like, social media. So, where we have a distraction every second. Every second, someone is pinging me, some notification we are going to get, uh, someone is sending me a reel, so… First, remove the distraction, because that's our biggest time killer, and a context switcher, without even realizing.
Second thing is, learn how to sit on a chair for the very, very long time, because when you will sit, you will do some work. A real one.
Right? That will solve all the problem, then this question will be gone.
That how to learn on new things. You will be able to learn the new things.
Looks at everything has many, many concepts. So for what a person's approach should be.
It's not like there are many, many concerts, believe me. It looks like people have given a lot of terms, people have given a lot of, like, uh, you know.
So, for example, I'll tell you. So, in your syllabus, I have mentioned, uh.
Lamad Langjin, Lama Index, uh, line graph, uh, init, and Autogen, right? Crew AI.
The baseline concept, when you will understand, which I'm going to explain to you, the baseline concept is every framework is helping you out in terms of building an agent.
Attaching our tools to it, adding our memories to it, right? And solving and doing some sort of automation.
Apart from that, those five frameworks, it looks different, because it has been released by a different company, and it works in a little bit different way, code-wise at least, right?
But under the hood, it is doing approximately a same thing. So, you have to understand the base.
Now, once you understand the base, you will be able to understand all of those 4, 5, or even in future, if 5 companies will come and they will launch.
Uh, for example, like, uh… 5 new tools, you will be able to understand.
Cloud, let's suppose, right? Look into your GCP, look into your Azure, look into AWS. It looks like GCP is different, Azure is different, and then AWS is different.
Technically, for me, it's not, right? Whatever fundamentals they have implemented in AWS, same is available in Azure, same is available in GCP, with a different name.
Problem solved, right? Now, coming to a programming language, right? We say that, okay, Python is simple, or Java is tough, or C++ is tougher, or all those things, right?
Under the hood, if I know one programming language, if I know how it works, right. If I know, like, a looping concept, if that's kind of a concept, approximately.
All of those programming languages are doing the same thing. Obviously, syntaxes are different.
Right? So, it looks like we are living in a world where we have too many options, right? But when you are going to club it and think from a 10,000 feet, like, uh, then you will be able to find out.
That it's not too much. It's like, I have never cleared my basic. I was just running after a small, small things, right? All those new things. I was just chasing those, like, things.
And that is the reason I was not able to build the base. And that's the reason I have mentioned, and even today I have mentioned multiple times.
That base is required, because that is going to help you out to adopt a new thing. And this is what I have done.
In my last, like, 11-year career, and even before. Base.
Yeah? So… so you have to give a time. See, at least once in your lifetime, you have to give a time to build your complete base.
Maybe it will take 6 months of time, maybe it will take 1 year of time for you, depends upon your caliber, because every human being will be having a… different kind of a capacity, thought process, learning journey. Uh, but yes, if you're able to do it.
For an entire life, you will enjoy. And we have seen that kind of people, and they literally, like, uh… and if you're going to talk to all of those people, almost everyone will say the same thing.
Let's see…
So, clear the base, and then go for the journey. It looks like there are too many things, because now we are living in a world of social media, so anyone is creating even a simple application, they are going for the marketing, and then, like, we all are able to get those budget words, right? And especially in a world of AI, everyday new model, everyday new framework, everyday new startup, but under the hood, most of them are doing the exact same thing.
Under the hood, most of them, there are only 4 to 5 companies who have created a stable model, right? Which I can actually use. But if you go to Hugging Face, there are millions of all people have published. I'm talking about LLM, only LLM.
Not any other model in any other category. Not a vision model, not text-to-speech, or not, like, any other model, just LLMs, right? There are millions of models which is available, but only 4 to 5.
Which I'm using, which cursor you have seen is using, which Windows Office he's using, and which the entire world is eventually using. So it's not too much, it looks like too much.
Right? But actually, it's not.
Answer one last question, like, I want our elaboration on that point, like, in this age, how… You should learn fast. So, can you show a practical approach to learn fast, like, related to anything, programming or LLM?
Yeah, join my class, I'll help you out to learn faster.
But that's a whole deal. Thank you.
Okay, Krishna is saying, get a blue screen expert, comfortable gaming chair. Ah, no, I don't like gaming chair. My office chair is way more comfortable than your gaming chair. I have that, actually. I had two gaming chairs, but yeah, I don't like it. Just on a fun note. Yeah, Ganesh, please go ahead with a question.
So, if you are a, uh, you… URI API that you use.
Yes.
The UI API, it… we cannot use in our organization, right? So, what is the alternative for it?
You can… you can use in your organization UDPI. Why you can't use UDP in your organization?
It's not your own house. Unique.
No, basically, a URI API, we have two kind of a model. One is a proprietary model, which people have not made as open source, and.
Some of them are open source models, open source models we are hosting. At the end of the day, API-wise, you just need a model calling, right?
You should not worry about, like, uh, from where it is coming from.
Yeah.
Basically, you are getting all those international-grade models, a best-of-best model out of those 10 million which exist in the world. And Uri API, this is where Uri API comes into picture. So use it wherever you want for the… application symbol.
Okay, the other questions, like, cursors that we download, using the cursors, we are generating the code.
Yep. Mhm. Mm-hmm.
Well, uh, how it's integrated with VS, like, how it's generating in VS?
That I have many questions you need.
So basically, they have… they have… okay, so basically, in cursor, what they have done, and even you can do it, so basically, they have developed their own extension, so cursor, this interface that you are able to see, right?
So this is their own extension that they have created, and inside that, so they are giving this agent control, a lot of agent, an agent who will be able to summarize the task, an agent who will be able to.
Invoke your entire directory, the agent who will be able to invoke the terminal, agent which will be able to remember all of the memories, agent will be able to basically call all the fallbacks, or which will be able to, like, you know, test a debug, and then it will be able to do the fixes. So there are multiple agent systems, as you can see over here, right? It's a multi-agent system that they have created inside this interface.
Uh, and they have integrated with the VS Code, and now they're claiming it as a cursor. And still, they're developing it, they have, like, done a very good job, uh, by the way. So, basically, it's an agentic… a different, different agent calling.
That they are doing. They have written on their own.
Okay, so the… URI API that we can design, and we can give the command to cursor. Cursor will generate the code.
That is the chloride.
Ud API you can design? No, it's already designed, right? It's already in production.
You don't ever do anything, just download the cursor, give a prompt, it will start generating.
I mean… Okay.
And then in the later stage, uh, once you will exhaust your entire, like, quota, a free quota, then they will ask you for the payment.
Uh, but yeah. So here, if you will go and check, uh, sorry, so here, if you will go and check, so they are giving you an option to even add your own models.
So, on-model means API key. That is the meaning of the model.
Yep.
Okay, so is there any, like, cloud-based, uh, this cursor? Where we can, like, for one hour or one day, we can use.
No, there is no cloud-based cursor. Even Windows Surf is not a cloud-based. Firebase is a cloud-based. So, I have shown you the Firebase, right? Firebase Studio.
So Firebase Studio is basically a cloud base, but not cursor, not WindServe.
Okay, yeah, thank you, sir.
Yeah. Can we use Euripake in a cursor? Yes, you can use it. So, the cursor is giving you an option for, like, uh, you know, external API calling, so that is, uh, pretty much feasible.
Okay, next one is Ram Ramesh Kumar, yes, please go ahead.
Yeah, go ahead, go ahead, guys. Ask your question. Jubair, please go ahead with your question.
Uh, Jeremy, are you… am I audible? I think you have a chance to the talk. This is my first time.
Yes, uh, yeah, Juver, you're audible, yes. Yeah. Okay, okay. You were not able to join us today?
Yeah, I did a study about this, uh, talk to you the first time.
That is where you get… get a chance to talk to you.
Okay, okay, fine, got it, yeah. Uh, again?
Um, I'm fresh up there about the generative AI. My question is.
Mhm. Mm-hmm.
Uh, if I learn the generative AI, so what about the job.
If not a job, can I make, like, any kind of application, or… is the better for me. I have a PBS experience of the Java.
That would be suggestion about it.
Mm-hmm. Okay, okay. So, see, uh, job-wise, if I'll say, so there are enough jobs, right? I'll never say that, and job is increasing. Yes, there was some adjustment.
Which industry is going on, and uh… You must have seen in our news that people are doing this hiring and firing, all those games.
And again, this is nothing new. Sometimes, so people used to, like, hype it more and more.
But if you will look into the positive side, a real positive side, I will say.
That people… have started hiring, and believe me, next 6 months or in a year of time. So, once this entire resuffle will be done, because again, that reshuffling is important.
Uh, because if a company is having so many people, and if they're not productive, if they're not able to work, if they're not able to adopt a new culture, what company will do? Obviously, company has to take the action at some point over time. And this is the action, like a series of things which the company is trying to take.
Uh, second expect is that, that yes, everyone is trying to build their own strong AI portfolio, maybe in a product, maybe for a client. And because of that, everyone is hiring. This hiring is going on since the last 4-5 year.
Yes, uh, it's a different story that generative AI exists just two, two and a half years back, so it has started, but yeah, AI was there. We were using machine learning, deep learning, all those things.
So, hiring will increase even more in this era, Gen AI era, and you can just observe the market, it's increasing now.
So that's the first part, job is there. Second part, as you have asked, that can you build something? So, yeah, as you have mentioned, that you are coming from Java background, and you have some tech background.
You can build it, but for that, you need a problem statement, so if you have any kind of problem statement, start building it, because now.
Uh, building at least, I would say, MVP. I'm not saying that full-scale things.
But building MVP is way more easier than before. Only MVP.
Minimum viable product only, right? Not like a complete full-scale system, which can take a load of anything, and where you can integrate, like, a thousand people.
For that, you need a real, real developer. Still, it's required. So hope I'm able to answer your question, Jubair.
Yeah, yeah, this, uh, pretty much, pretty much I get it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Thank you. Yeah, that's my concern. At least if I don't, like, hit the job or something else, at least make something, and, like, make some freelancing or… or at least one satisfaction. That's what I want after this call.
Exactly. I suggest everyone, right? Not from today. Today's age of AI, but I'm teaching since the last 8 years, I believe. So, since 8th year, I simply say to everyone.
That you are not in college, you are not preparing for the exam, you are not supposed to go and, like, get some sort of a marks.
You are going to appear for a real interview. So, when there was no AI, uh, no age of AI, I would say.
Even at that point over time, I kept on saying, people, that, uh… build something, right? Because you will be able to create a more value, you will be more valuable in a market as compared to anyone else in a market.
So, it was a fact. 10 years back, and it is a fact.
Right? So, if you are building. Believe me, your level of experience, the kind of a value that you will be able to.
Get in a market when you showcase your product will be on a different label, and yes, if you are able to build something, uh, which is going to push you as an entrepreneur.
Right? Where you are able to generate a revenue, nothing can be better than that, believe me. Nothing.
All right.
That will give you the ultimate level of satisfaction, right? But… to reach out to that label, at least you have to work on a disciplined banner. I'm not saying that, like, 18 hour a day, or 20 hour a day, no. Disciplined manner, maybe just 1 hour, 2 hour, but.
For a very long time. That will yield the result. Long-term investment, right? We all talk about the long-term investment in our finance. So… This is… this works exactly in the same manner.
Discipline, consistency. And long-term.
All right. Yeah, I'm gonna appreciate it. I see you're very, very, like, what is it, hard worker, or whatever you can do, like, complete four hours. This is the unbelievable thing.
14 hours is not, like, I used to give a lecture for 14 hours a day.
So, 404 is… 4 is nothing. I can continuously speak for, like, next, like, 11, 12 hours without stopping.
Wow, I can't believe it. How can you do it?
I'm not…
Yeah, that's one thing also making me motivated. I can do at least 2-4 hours, one seat.
Everyone can do, everyone can do, believe me, everyone can do. It looks painful on day one, day two, right? See, I always keep on saying that, there is a… 0 to 1 journey, and 0 to 1 journey.
Is going to be tough, right? For everyone, 0 to 1 gen. It doesn't matter what you do, what you're going to start, or what you're trying to learn. 1 to 10 journey will be smooth.
And 10 and above, you'll flourish. So… But yes, you have to, like, 10 and above. To go to 10 and above.
You have to start from 0 to 1.
Yeah, yeah, thanks. Yes, Lamis, please go ahead.
Very true, aren't you? Uh, Sudan, so I have some couple of doubts from the cursor, right? You have, uh… given the multiple option, cursor, wind surp, or something.
So, can I use in my office environment? Is there any restriction?
Yeah, I think, I think nowadays, almost everyone is… even my wife is working, right? She, like, uh… Uh, she's a proper coder and, like, a developer. Uh, so basically, like, uh, their company has allowed, and I have spoken to many of my friends in recent days, who is working with some of the companies, and nowadays, everyone is allowed to, like, install and, like, do their job.
So, yes, it is. That depends upon your company. That, that I can't tell you.
Okay. Okay, no, no, do we need to ask any special permission before using the… tools are done. Every difference.
That you will have to, like, ask and talk to your, maybe, admin, who used to, like, manage the installation and everything. So that I can't say, because…
I even… yeah, even if per Europhone, nah, Euro chat as well, can I use, uh, in my operations?
No, for Yuri, it's a web portal, right? It's a web-based, basically. So Yuri's web-based.
Now, so you can use Yuri anywhere. You don't need any installation, right, for Yuri.
If you have a bit, can I use?
Okay, okay. Then, next thing for that, right, which you have three tools, right? Which one can we go get with that? Because instead of avoiding the multiple things.
The prior waste today. Cursor, right? Yeah.
No, I'll simply… yeah, simple, I'll suggest, go with Karsal. Yes, for now. For now, go with cursor. Simple.
Yeah.
Right? Because I know there are, like, so many tools, so many distractions, everything, right? Uh, just with cursor, simple.
As of now.
Yeah, with Harser also, it has given multiple models, right? It's everything connecting web model or URI API? Can we connect to the URI system?
You can connect with the UI API as well, so they give you, like, over here, uh, basically, like, you can try to pass your own API key, and then they're giving you one option to, like, uh, you know, connect with your OpenAI API, and they're giving you another option, so where you will be able to connect your own, any custom API.
Right? And then you can, like, try to attach it. So, in both the way it works, actually.
Yeah, yeah.
But it will work best, I would say, right? So, you can override the OpenAI endpoint. So, let's suppose this is the endpoint that I have.
I can do what? So I can try to give my own endpoint for a chat completion, a URE endpoint, basically. See, at the end of the day, this requires only an endpoint, and here, if you will come.
Let me show it to you. So, in a uron, if you are going to come, so we have exposed already URI API.
And then we have our endpoint, and here is our chat completion endpoint, which we have given to you. So you can try to use this endpoint.
Looks like you're not.
Oh, is it? Okay, okay, sorry. Okay. Okay, now I'm sharing, right?
100%. Yeah, they're not sharing. They're not able to… Yeah, it's loading, you know, we are able to see.
Yes. Now it is… now it is happening.
Yeah. Okay, so basically, like, there is a… in a cursor, when you will come, so let me close all of these things.
So let's suppose you are here, and if you will come over here, so you will be able to find out that it is giving you option to add a model. Add model means, let's suppose I can host a model in my local, like, in my local, proper local, no cloud.
Mm-hmm.
Right? And then I can try to give an access to this one, or let's suppose I have a Yuri API, so I can do one thing, so I can try to even give a endpoint.
Over here, with the Yuri API. So, if localhost, then localhost. Otherwise.
Yuri API endpoint, I can copy from here. And then I can try to… Sorry, where is my cursor? So, entropic key, override the base URL, yeah.
So I can even give this kind of a, like, a chat completion API over here, API access, or a streaming API access, and it will be able to use it.
So, all these options, they have already, like, made it open for all of us, so I can try to give an API. At the end of the day, it requires AI access. That's it. Cursor is a tool. Cursor is an interface, it requires AI access. If you are able to give it, it will work.
Otherwise, just go with the paid version of Cursor. So, it is, it is giving you a free tier. I think it is giving you enough number of free tier for testing and building at least a small application. But beyond that, obviously, we'll be looking for, like, your, uh.
Paid access.
Where is the cursor setting option? Which one did you click for the cursor setting?
So basically, close. Close this one, now follow along with my, uh, mouse.
So, here… this option, right?
Mm-hmm. Yes, yeah.
By default, you will be able to see auto, by default, when you will install, right? Let's suppose I'm clicking on auto, I'm trying to switch off this auto. Switch off this auto, now add model option.
Okay, got it, got it. But auto means which model is selecting? It's a pre-model, or…?
Got it?
When we select with auto.
No, so by default, if you're going at with the auto, right, so majority of times it is going to select a cloud day, uh, but let's suppose if I'm switching off auto, so I can try to select only GPT-4.0.
So now it will be, like, using this GPT-4.0. Let's suppose if I have added some of my custom model. For example, I have added this test, right? Test is my, basically. It's not a default one.
You will not be able to see it in your cursor. So, test is basically a MyModel, which I have attached from my side, yeah? Custom model, basically. So I can select this one, so now it will use a test model.
Or if I'm going to keep it on auto, then it will be, like, in auto stage.
Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, but while I was trying with Cloudy at all, it's not working on my machine. The paint model, right?
Cloud is not a free model. Cloud is the most expensive model, actually.
Claudi Sonata.
Cloud Air Force on it, right? It's not a, like, a free one, just keep it auto as of now.
Yeah. Okay, fine. And my next question is that, right, we have built the API system.
Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm.
Uh, how are we integrating with the server and generate… no, attach the GitHub and upload into the server.
Apply… sorry?
Deployment… deploy into the server. The… which one you, but… No, no, actually, which one you built to the API, right? How can we integrate with the server?
Real-time server.
Okay, well, so already API endpoint we have given to you, a code example we have given to you. Now, so let's suppose if you have to use this OpenAI model, or any model, right? Any model, basically, right? Any model with any framework. So, in the next class.
As per your syllabus, I'm going to teach you that how you will be able to use an API if I have to show you an example now, so maybe I can copy just this piece of a code, where you can try to write your prompt, and then I'll come to this one.
Yeah. You know…
Uh, let me, let me show you a quick demo. A very, very quick demo. So this is my API endpoint, right? This is my API endpoint. Now, here I have to pass my key, so what I will do, I'll just try to go here, API key.
And I'll try to click on Create API key, give any name, it will be able to create my API key. This is my code, just for a chat completion. We have an API endpoint for email. I'll show you image generation as well, just wait, now itself.
So I have just replaced with my URI API, as you can see, right? Those static, static, I have replaced my URI API key, and this is my prompt.
Write a poem about the artificial intelligence. And this is the model ID. So, we have given you 25 model access, so you can just change this ID, and you have to basically, like, do a prompt, whatever you are looking for.
And execute, now see. See the magic? So it is… so now I'm able to get the result, right?
Yes.
So, it is able to basically write a poem for me. Let's suppose if I would like to generate an image, right? If I have to generate the image, by the way. So, AI frame… not AI framework, code exam… AI-available model endpoints, yeah. So, let's suppose if I would like to generate the image. So, here is, again, the endpoint that we have given to you. So, this is the curl endpoint.
Uh, curl command we have given to you, I can quickly convert that into a Python-based.
Let me convert it. Python code. For this, yeah?
So again, same. See, only 2-3 things are required. One is this endpoint, this URL. So this URL is nothing but… a URL which is allowing you to reach out to my system, a Euron system.
Okay.
Because we are hosting our entire server somewhere, right? So, for any… even you are using an API from, like, a… ChatGPT or OpenAI or Google, or anywhere in this entire world, doesn't matter whether you're using this API or.
Someone else API. So, there will be an endpoint. Ender point means it will help you out to reach out to that system. Now, inside that system, what you are trying to access, so let's suppose inside that system, this model is running. So, I would like to access this model, right? With this input, right? And then, token is nothing but authorization.
Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
So, like a password. So, don't worry, I know many people don't understand the fundamentals of API, so that's a reason there will be a proper class on that, where we will create our own API.
By using, like, a small, small, like, code pieces, and after that, I'm going to show you how to use the API.
Yep.
Now, just I wonder, you have built the system, but we didn't apply anything into the server, that's why you want to crowd-check it.
So, IPL booking system.
Uh, yeah. So… Yeah, so let's suppose, like, image generation, right? So I have to basically generate the image. I will, like, use the same Yuri.
Token that I have already created, right, replaces my API token, and a beautiful sunset over the mountain. Let me ask one thing, uh, give me a… image of… Newton holding… wine in hand.
Okay.
Northern. Yeah.
It will generate the image for me, yeah? So it's executing, and it will be able to generate the image for me. So I'll teach you this one. I know, like, this complete things, and many of us, many of us technically don't even know that… what is API, how… we will be able to create it.
For… here we have created the API, right? Api endpoint. But how this will be created? When I say that this is my API endpoint, now you have written some XYZ function. How you can do it?
Yeah? How you can attach the authorization for that API, so that without password, no one will be able to log in into, or no one will be able to hit your system.
So all of these things I'm going to cover, I'm going to teach, because without this, you will never be able to build even as smallest of the product, which works in real time.
One more question. As part of the syllabus, do we cover the deployment activities?
There's a lot, a lot. A lot.
They'll let them up something. Okay. Well, yeah.
Just wait, I'll call out the name. Yeah, Sai, please go ahead.
Sir, I have a question.
Hi, sir, this is Bharatus.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, sir, I have a couple of questions. Sir, first question is, when you have created that IPL, uh, uh, IPL thingy.
So is that, like, how is it able to figure out that, okay, these are the teams, this is the stadiums in which it is… games are happening, all that is because of the pre-training of that model?
No, no, no, it's not because of the pre-train of the model. I have given the proper context, first of all, so that's the reason I have generated the context, and then… Basically, it will be able to understand, it will try to break it down all of those contexts which I have given to a cursor in a small, small, small, small model. This is where this agent comes into picture.
Right? Just like a human being, so agent is nothing but whatever prompt which I have given in a beginning. Uh, so basically, this prompt, right? This entire long prompt which I have given.
So, it will be able to break it down line by line, line by line, and then it will start working on it.
This is, like, rag, isn't it? This is like reg… like, where you are, like.
This is how… Sorry, it is? No, it's not RAG, actually. Rag is different. Conceptually, RAG is different. This is just a context I'm giving to an agent.
That's it. Mm-hmm.
Okay, okay, okay. Uh, so that is one question. Second question, sir, Yuri… Is it, uh, like, you already use an API as the name suggests, but how is it different from an AI agent?
Uh, like, conflict.
So, Yuri, is he agent? Agent is something which will be able to do an end-to-end task. And basically, agent requires an access of those APIs, those models.
So, URI is not an agent. Uri is basically a middleware, so which is going to help you out, to give you an access. For example, I've generated this image, right? So, just by calling what? Image API, I was… my Newton, I think.
Image, like, spelling was, uh, different, so that's the reason. In EWTN. So, with the help of this API, right, and endpoint, I'm able to generate these images, I'm able to write a.
Basically a poem over here, in the circuit over with a Luminous grace, all those things. And again, I'm able to see, generate the image, right? Image of Newton, a beautiful one, ISD quality one, immediately. So, basically, this is giving you an access. Yuri is giving you an access to all of those models.
Which is by default required for these agents. We are talking about agents over here, right? So I'll explain to you what is actually agent is, because we are going to create a lot of agent on my own. Every one of us, we are going to create the agent, not just one or two.
Throughout the entire session, more than hundreds of agents we are going to create, but agent is nothing but a program.
Right? A piece of the code. Let's try to think in this way. A piece of the code which is going to.
Big, uh, access of an AI, and… whatever you have written for the agent, that, okay, fine, so you are the agent, which will try to break down the entire input into a multiple-part, into a multiple context, and then you will do the research. So, agent will do that. If you're going to ask an agent that, okay, book a schedule. Whenever someone is going to enter some time.
Okay.
So book a meeting for me. So, agent will book a meeting automatically. So, agent is nothing but a piece of a code which will be able to do a task. The way function was doing it before, or automation was doing it before. At the end of the day, agent requires a LLM access, because LLM is only going to give a capability.
To the entire knowledge base, plus. Understand anything in a natural language.
Because you as a human are going to give an input as an original language. I've given my entire input as a natural language, right?
Yes. Yes, yes.
This one. So this is where… just wait for some time, I think it's too early. Many of us are confused between the agents.
Uh, going forward, you will be able to create such kind of agent on your own, very soon.
Got it, sir. And last question, sir. Like, in… previously, in the last few years, we have learned about Transformers, uh… encoder-decoder systems and all. But do you think things are all that learning will become obsolete because we are… to use it directly.
No, not at all. Not at all. Never. Never, I would say. And those learnings are still relevant, it will be relevant even after a 10, 20 year, or maybe a 100 year, right? Because we are able to speak as we learn a lot and as we.
Like, grow older and older, so obviously, uh, we get a maturity, and we will be able to phrase a lot more good sentences, humorous one, I would say, but still.
Got it. Right.
The base is ABCD. It will be there. It will be there, literally, it will be there to understand our mathematics, obviously, you have to know the counting from 0 to 9, right? 0 to 9 numbers. That's a base.
Yes. Yes.
So, it's not going anywhere. Literally, it's not going anywhere. Even in a physics, right, we are, like, I have given an example yesterday, that we are able to build a, like, a SIP, we are able to build a big, big infrastructure, a plane kind of a things, and even, like, international space kind of things, but basic physics.
A projectile, uh, escape velocity, all those things are still required.
Yes. Yes.
Right? So, it will be relevant all the time. Uh, yeah, Milan, go ahead.
Actually, sir, I have one question. Uh, sort of like, uh, if we launch this generative AI about it, and, like, what type of job opportunity will be open in industry?
As a taster.
Let's say Java opportunities, Java opportunities are always available, it's even available now, my student is getting placed for my previous batches, from my current batches. So, opportunity will be there.
It just depends upon you how capable you are.
Uh, and actually, as I am currently learning about the AI, uh, about the tester, testing.
Don't… don't learn. Testing is not having any future and opportunity.
Domain. So, like, what will be?
Yeah. Yeah, Veraj, please go ahead.
No, that's fine, yeah.
Hi, sir, this is Baro Twitch. Sorry, I've been, like, uh… Yeah, it's been, like, a couple of years back when you were teaching in Iran, in Neuron, like, I joined the bat, but then I was unable to complete after the Python due to the obvious things.
Okay. Okay.
So, from there, I know you. So, you know, your teaching and just wanted to, like… the reason immediately when I saw your launched it, without any illustration, I just joined the batch.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you. Mm-hmm.
So, uh, yeah, so, like, my daughter, like, since we are into Jennai and all, like, how relevant is about to have the background of ML concepts and, uh.
Is it something like… hmm…
It will not create a hurdle for you, I would say, right? But, like I have mentioned, that, uh, in an industry, many things will keep on coming. It's not going to stop now, and not even maybe after, like, a couple of years. It is going to stop.
And if you don't want to take a burden off those new things which is coming into our market.
Now, to eliminate those things, or those, like, uh, I would say, events in the future.
I always suggest that build our fundamentals. But, yeah, if you would like to join our industry, just a general industry.
I think this is more than enough for now. But, if you have to remove a bottleneck for the future, then take your time, spend some time with those basic fundamentals.
And then, like, uh… move ahead.
Okay. So, and what will be the, like, role of job, like, GenA developer, sir? Is it, like, do we need to know the UI and the backend things?
So, it's not… it's not the developer, I would say, so people are hiring on a lead position, on a manager position, on a director position, so it's the same… A lineage we used to follow, that we are following in any other domain, any other technology. So, lineage-wise, it's not like a gen AI developer. Yes, there is a developer, there is a lead, there is a manager, there is a architect, there is a director.
No? So, everyone, the way we were doing a task, now we are doing it with the help of this generative AI framework. We are trying to solve the problem with the help of generative AI problem. That's it. That's the only thing which has changed with the new technology layer. Apart from that, nothing has changed.
It's a generative AI lead, generative AI engineer, generative AI manager, generative AI architect, generative AI director.
Okay, so, like, what, uh, the role will be called, sir? Is it, like, uh… I mean…
Okay, so, like, if you're migrating to, like, I mean, currently I'm working in the Kubernetes part, so if I wanted to migrate, like, uh, to the data science domain, like.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Using these DNA, I think, whatever learning. So, like. Like, do you need to know the background of UI and backend background… I mean, back-end development things.
Back-end development, I think you should know a little bit, because back-end will be required. Eui will not be required, because now, if you give a Figma or… like, uh, an administrator feed, so it will be able to generate, most of the time in a very, very.
Accurate way, which will be dynamic towards all the screens. So, back-end, but back-end is main.
Okay, so, like, once this course is completed, like, we'll be able to, like, reach… And what about the system design concepts? Like, do we need…
Obviously, yes, yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, that will be required if you are going to apply for a product-based companies. Then, system design and DSA both will come together, doesn't matter for which role you are going to apply, whether that's Gen AI or even a front-end developer role.
Okay.
But yeah, they have, like, a filtration criteria. But nowadays, even, like, uh, they are changing their approach. I have seen a couple of companies, not all have changed the approach, uh, still.
Most of the company has the same approach. But yeah, nowadays, they're allowing you to, you know, use a vibe coding.
Uh, and they will be looking for the explanation from your side.
Okay, sure. Yeah. Uh… Yeah, fingers.
Yep. Yeah, thanks. Madhav, please go ahead. Yeah, good morning.
Hello, sir, good morning. Uh, directly, I have two questions. First question is, I am using i3… laptop with the SSD RAM and, uh, with 8GB RAM and SSD hardcore.
Mm-hmm.
So, I want to know, do I need a, uh, this, um… But as well, graphics card installed my laptop, or do I need to update my laptop?
First of all, I think in i3, you will not be able to integrate it. The configuration that you said, so graphics, you will not be able to add it.
Uh, second of all, it's not required. We have a cloud platform, and as long as you can use that same laptop, use it. Once.
It will not support you, or it will give you a problem.
Then, obviously, you'll have to, like, upgrade yourself. Simple. As of now.
I have a piece of… sufficient? If I buy the graphics card?
As of now, as of now, don't go for a buy. Alison, if you are able to use it comfortably, that laptop, the same one, uh, right. Use it, don't invest anywhere. Uh, once it will not work, it will, like, stop.
Uh, working or executing your code, then move ahead. Yeah? But not now, not immediately.
Okay, okay, so second question, uh, can we have some kind of a dedicated class or a session.
In which you can guide us about the new business opportunities coming in January.
Like, I'm pretty sure…
Not as a part of this class. So, I do take a lot of sessions on entrepreneurship, right? I do take a lot of sessions on our product building.
But, uh, this is not a part of your class lecture, so I'll not say yes to this one.
Uh, because if I'll say yes, then I have to fulfill it.
No, no, I am not saying in this class, sir. If we, uh, YouTube, so many, so many experts are saying.
You will… yeah, you will get to know. You will… You will get to know.
Agent DK is coming, agent…
Uh, you will get to know, but yeah, I don't believe in those kind of a GAN in general, because there are so many people out there who used to give it.
Uh, if I used to come with those things, then I'll come with the practical stuff. That, okay, this is something which is going to happen, and I show it.
Thank you so much.
Yep, okay, so… just build, build, believe me. The only way, or the only escape route is to build, nothing else.
Okay, next is Puskar. Please go ahead. Yeah, Pushkar sendeh, please.
Yeah, you're on mute.
Oh, hello, sir. Yes, sir? Or, uh… Yes. So, for general interviews, like, DLC.
And transformer architecture that are required. Like, go back proportion in the deli.
In general, in general, uh, there is a chance. There is a chance, if they have mentioned that into a JD, right, there is a chance that they are going to ask about it, and if you have Euron Plus access, I have already explained everything. Starting from a theory and practical, everything.
So it's better to have it. If you don't have it, so it's not monetary. But yeah, there is a chance, company to company.
Okay, so, in the role of Jane AI as architects, what is your JAI role, is there any use of DL consideration?
Actually, if you'll see all of this model, right? The transformer, the model that we are going to fine-tune.
Regarding the RNN birds, uh…
Uh, the base is basically a neural network, which is coming from the starting of deep learning.
And then the core fundamentals of these models are coming from a transformer, which is a part of your research paper called as Attention is All You Need.
Where you have an encoder-decoder layers, and eventually that is a part of your NLP.
Okay, no, no, my question is just, like, a DL concept regarding the RNN are required in the job, miss.
Development like that in this, to train model new model.
Okay.
That I can't… that I can't say. It depends company to company, interview to interview. If someone is taking an interview just on a framework, just on a… because they will mention it, they will mention it. So that's the reason it's good to have the entire fundamentals revised, at least.
Okay, sorry, is it good that, uh, Miss, uh. I completely owe this, Shannon, Mission.
Focusing on only RNN concept, like. Nlp.
That's fine. Cnn basically works with respect to our vision, so that's completely fine.
But good to have, right? If you're looking for, like, a broader picture, then good to have.
Okay. That's it, sir.
Okay, next one is Asis, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead.
That's what I'm saying. Yes, sir, uh, you just delayed on that online testing, but as a tester, I'm having 6 years of experience into this industry.
Mm-hmm.
So, like, if I'm learning this NAI, so within how many days, we will have to, you know, set up.
Like, you know, mindset within these days, we're able to do completely transition.
Max to max, max to max 6 months, not more than that.
It's very good to know that it…
Atom access. Sixth month is more than enough.
Complete taxes. Like, you know, within 6 months that we will have.
Self-confidence, like, you know, we can do work in this GenA field, uh.
You will be… you will be having confidence or not, that's a different story, that's a different question, because that depends upon your effort that you are going to put up.
Huh.
I can't say that, okay, fine, so just by watching my lectures, or anyone else's lecture, you will be having, uh, that confidence, right? So that depends upon your work. But yes, if anyone is putting up a genuine effort in a regular mode.
Then, in 6 months, it is practically possible, not overnight, but yes, in 6 months.
If someone is not putting up a genuine effort consistently. Then even 6 years is less.
Okay, so, like, you know. Definitely, sir, you are with us each and every, like, thing, so you'll reach out to him for that.
But, uh, sir, again, also, this question is Sam for who are doing automation testing in testing, not in Manuel.
In automation testing also, this thing is going to happen for them.
Mm-hmm. Sorry, can you please repeat once again?
So, sir, for those who are doing, like, automation testing and testing fail.
They have to also, like, you know, whatever you suggested me, they have…
Mm-hmm. This thing is gone. Testing, automation, testing or manual tester was gone 5 years back, I believe. Yes, there are some companies who is hiring, I know. Right, but still, it's gone, and automation testing is also, like, on a verge of.
Uh, we can say extension. So, it will be gone. Like, see, as of now, people are looking for someone who can build the entire system end-to-end, test the entire system end-to-end, write all the edge cases with the help of AI, right? And, uh, in an industry, I've seen that kind of people, and yes, that kind of people does exist now.
Uh, the testing is not a job.
Okay, sir. Thank you for, uh, like, for your suggestion, sir. We will reach out to each and everything.
Yeah, yeah.
We'll try to do a complete within 6 months. That I was trying to do.
Yep, yep, yep, yep. Sadiq is saying you are trolling at us. See, I'm talking about the reality. Uh, maybe many of you will not agree with me.
Uh, for now, but wait for one year. You all will agree. So… Yeah, Venkates, please go ahead.
So, I have a question, Sudanshu. Yeah, uh, I recently come across one term, uh, it says as AI.
Mm-hmm.
Journalists, uh, DNA journalists, I don't understand. I just attended their demo session, and I understand, like.
No coding required, just with the VIP coding tools and no code tools.
Again, not true, not true. Like, I told her… yeah, I have given the reason, right? So, not exactly true.
You can… what exactly is that?
What is that? So, next… they claim that, you know, in the next decade would be with only the AI journalists.
And what exactly is that when I try to ask them, they dodged.
But…
The AI journalist, in terms of you are talking about the digital medium, a print, basically, or you are talking about someone who delivers the news. So which mode you're talking about?
Uh.
See, there are multiple ways to consume the news, right? So, we read out the, like, headlines on our mobile devices or any other devices. That is one way of consuming a news. The other way of consuming a news is.
That someone is delivering it. So which way we are talking about?
Yeah, the Mustafa just mentioned that it's a journalist, not journalist, like, news anchor.
Also, again, generalism, okay, so generalism, like, if I'll talk about a print, so maybe even now, most of the, like, lines or rephrases has been written by AI, but yeah, there is a human journalist who is giving a feed, who is giving an input, because they are capturing ground report, right? And without ground report, what AI will do?
How I will be able to get the feed. Uh, if I'll talk about maybe a real human delivering a news.
Uh, so, yes, people have tried lots of AI anchors, and I'm talking about.
Sorry, sorry to disturb you, sir. Not journalism. Generalist, AI generalist.
Yeah. Okay, generalist means? Okay, G-E-N-E, right?
Yes, sir, exactly. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, fine, got it. So, I was talking about news anchor. Journalists, right? Ai journalist. See, people have given a name called as Vive Coding, then this AI journalist, then… some, like, new term you will be able to get tomorrow. Don't fall after those terms.
Right, so, it's fine. What is the meaning of AI journalist? Means, anyone can, like, one single human will be able to do everything.
How it is possible? Right? Let's suppose I have a capability of AI, but let's suppose I'm not a domain expert. Let's suppose I'm walking into logistics, I'm walking into a supply chain, maybe I'm walking into finance, right?
I have to understand my customer, I have to understand my ecosystem, I have to understand the problem which I'm solving, I have to understand my existing system.
Right. How I can generalize each and everything. So, uh, yes, influencers will be technically, uh, generalist.
Gm, journalist, right? But, uh… impractical, I don't think so.
Yeah.
You can be expert in physics chemistry and mathematics all the time, right?
Okay, so…
Right?
An Arian historian. Yeah, so same goes with AI. There is nothing called as, like, a journalist. Yeah, there will be some people who will give, like, some thoughts that, okay, this is how you can become, but yeah, I don't think, like, uh…
Yeah. That is 3 lakh rupees for that course for 6 months, sir.
It's going anywhere closer to reality. And nowadays, like, uh… Okay, why? And what they were teaching.
With 6 months. Yeah.
How do you use ChatGPT? How to do a prompting?
Yeah, all the white coding tools and element else.
I mean, and you have paid 3 lakh rupees. Okay, come to my class, I'll teach you in two classes, and you will be able to do a better vibe coding than someone has taught you in somewhere else.
3 lakh, it's too much, man, like, give me that money, like, I'll give you a lot of access, like, unlimited access of, like, everything. And I will be available personally for you, 24 by 7.
Even in my sleep, you can call me. With that… with that kind of money.
Right? So they're growing good vibos, vicinity. That guy.
No, I'm… I'm… I'm… I'm literally saying yes, I'm literally serious about those 3 lakh rupees.
Yeah, outskill. Yes, sir.
I would… I would… I would love to charge. I'm like, T, like.
Don't do it, don't do it, please, don't do it. Yeah, there are people… I know, there are people who is trying to fool, who is trying to create a FOMO.
No, I said, we were saying.
Out of you, and uh… they are, like, charging 2, like, 3 lakh, and ultimately, what they are teaching… I mean, like, prompting, okay? I mean, like, who teaches a prompting? It's a domain that we learn, it's a… Like, a product that we learn. And vibe coating… see, I have taught you vibe coding today, right? And today itself, we are able to create a beautiful website.
Great.
A working one. This is how easy it was.
I don't… like, see, we are living into that problem with the market, is that we are living into influencer market. Uh, there are genuine people who never exaggerate our things.
But the problem with those people are, you will never see those people on those platforms, because they will never go viral.
They will never go viral, believe me, right? People are not going to give a like, thumbs up, or share to them.
And there are people who will try to create unnecessary hype, who will try to, you know, discover a new terms.
When they don't even know, like, what is the actual meaning of those terms, but yeah, they are just trying to go out and exhilarating, and they have a big distribution.
And, uh, there will be, again, like, millions of people who will follow them, who will like them, and who will eventually pay them.
And then they will realize. So basically, you are paying 3 lakh to realize.
That you should not do it. Just to realize. Yeah, why don't you start a college student easily pay 8 lakh for just the… See, that is, again, justified. See, degree is something which is a culture, right? You'll… so when you go to a college.
Then you will be a part of culture, you build your own circle, you spend four years. I know, uh.
Curriculums are not up to mark, it's a rote learning that we try to do in a college, even in a school, because.
Uh, from a government side, this was something which should have been rectified a decade back.
It's not been done, but still, college holds our value, holds our power, right? Uh, maybe very soon they will change our curriculum, and which is pretty much required.
Uh, they will change all the teachers, they will try to modernize their entire infrastructure, which some colleges are able to do it.
Majority, I would say 99%, they're not able to do it. Maybe we'll have to wait for one decade more.
Uh, but it's a culture. For that, you pay, right? It's a hostel. You go there, you pay. It's an infrastructure, you go there, you pay.
You know, digital learning, if someone is teaching you how to do a vibe coding, and you are paying 3 lakh, 4 lakh rupees, that doesn't make sense to me.
That list. Yeah? And that, too, they will give you… even they are going to give you some certificate.
You can't go and get a job on that certificate, but if college is giving you a certificate, someone will validate that, okay, fine, you have done a proper graduation.
So, value-wise, value proportion is different. Uh, in that 8 lakh, in other, like, 3-4 lakh, whatever it is.
How do we spend time for the January daily? 45 minute to 1 hour is more than enough, but yeah, discipline.
Okay, next one is Akhtar, please go ahead with the question.
Oh, yeah. Actually, I'm a RP developer. So, I'm working, uh, from last 3 to 4 years in RPA.
Mm-hmm.
So, my question is that if I'm learning geni, then how can I utilize Gen RPA?
And if not.
Okay, so first, let's learn, then we'll figure it out. Yeah, I'm sure that I will show you how to figure it out.
Okay. Yeah, if it is not applicable in RPA, then, uh, can I get a job in Genai itself?
Uh, without knowing…
We will get… you will get, actually, the benefit of RPA. I'll tell you, I'll show you even, right? You will be able to actually get a benefit of RPA, means your past.
Plus Gen AI, both. Because both are, like, pretty much, I will say, a little bit of, like, a correlation you will be able to find out.
Okay, and uh… like, especially in Gen AI, can we get jobs?
Yep. Mm-hmm.
Without knowing eminent deep learning.
Exactly, yeah. That opportunity is available, but I always suggest that try to plan that in next one year, I will be aware of machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, and NLP, at least these four stack.
With algorithm and a practical. For the next one year, you should target. That's advice to every one of you. Everyone is literally every one of you.
Gotcha.
Yeah, in the next one year. Not now, but you will be able to get opportunity, but in next one year, to get a better and better one.
Okay. Yeah, Mustafa, please go ahead.
Hi, sir. Um, so basically, my question is related to, um, more in terms of the, you know, career opportunities. Nothing specific to this.
Okay, hope you're liking it, liking the class.
Class that we're having. So, uh… Um, yeah, sir, absolutely. In fact, I just wanted to, you know, catch up and do more, but then I understand that we have a lot of.
Hello, it's INC. I'll focus on every one of you, I don't have any issue. This is what I do.
Variety of students, so you have to take everyone together.
Uh, so yeah, feel free to, like, raise your question, concern, anything.
Sure. So basically, uh, you know, I'll give you a context about myself. I work as a.
Solutions Engineer, one of the AI-based startups. So, just in a very short thing, as you say, you know, testing is going, so our product itself is a, you know, agentic QA software that.
Automatically understand, creates test cases, and. You know, creative data, and even execute it, you can integrate with CI-CD.
As a solutions engineer, my role is somewhat in between business and technology.
I personally like technology, so that's the reason I have taken your course.
Mm-hmm.
Um, uh, but then what IH… think whatever I'm experiencing, because we have developers, I talk to them every day.
Is there, even though they're working on AI. Um, so one of the data scientists, he has joined our organization a couple of years back, but he is right now doing a core development.
Of software development, you know, other than integrating with LLMs and.
Prompts and other agentic flows, he's actually writing back-end codes as well with Python.
So my concern is that I'm not from a computer science background. I'm from a mechanical engineering background, but I… entered into the software industry with the help of testing.
So I did testing for some time, and then I moved to solutions engineer. So, I have 3 more years of experience, that's it.
Mm-hmm.
But software development is, like, very, um, you know, a different.
Phase for me altogether, having DSA and… And a system design, so on and so forth.
So what I want to ask from you is, even if I learn these.
What you're telling me. It's more like a implementation, or straight-up implementation of LLMs, and… other AI-based tools, but in industry, I think people would definitely require us to have code, software development.
Um, skills as well, right?
Hey, okay, I think, I think we misunderstand the software development. See, software development… today we have done one website, right?
So where you can go, you can check the tickets, and you can check the slots, and you can try to book this entire IPL tickets. This is called a software development.
Right? So where there will be front-end, there will be back-end, there will be a middleware, right? And then, once you will club and combine each and everything, host it on a production on a scale, that is called a software development. Simple, right?
Hmm, hmm.
Now, so, yes, people, uh, get scared by, uh, system design and DSA. Now, let me tell you one thing.
See, in a system design, let's suppose I'm going to understand, uh, like, a client server, client-server architecture, or maybe I'm going to talk about a cap theorem, consistency, availability, and partition tolerance, right?
Uh, those are… maybe I'm going to talk about the distributed system.
So, those things will not come into a picture, and never comes into a picture from a day zero.
Right? And obviously, there will be an architect in your team, so who must be aware about all of these things, maybe based on his experience, his or experience, or maybe based on the exploration.
So, it's not like from a day zero, you need all of those knowledge. Yes, in product development company, why they try to focus on that part, and it's a cult that people are following since a couple of, like, a decade.
Which is changing now, but, uh, yes, it's a trend that everyone is, like, trying to focus.
Because they try to apply a filtration criteria. See, you are not going to, like, use a dixtol or some crucial algorithm, BFS, DFS, or red-black tree.
Right. Directly in any product. Obviously, there is a use case of all of these things. We have been using it in multiple cases, but it's a filtration, it's more like a filtration criteria on a day zero.
That people are… people try to apply, so that. I will hire only this category of the people, this mindset of the people who are more logical, because they think that if you can solve a problem.
Dsa, technically a mathematical problem, or something like that. You are more filtered candidate, you are more intelligent as compared to someone else.
Even someone else that I'm trying to say, they are doing a software development. The one who is, like, you know, Google or Facebook, they are also doing a software development.
Right? But yes, label is different, obviously. The software which Google, Facebook, and all these companies used to build is different, and the software that we are building is different, but yes, both coexist.
Hmm. Hmm.
What coexistences last multiple decades, and both will coexist even for a next generation C. There are people who have… whose buildings cursor, right? The cursor where, like, we are able to create the entire software, right? And still, there are some people who is trying to create a portfolio beside, or maybe they're trying to solve some of the payment gateway problem, or something like that.
Yeah? So, both kind of a people. See, the people who are building a cursor, right, obviously, uh, like, they know a lot, they have a lot of experience, they are way more intelligent, they have solved so many problems, then only they are able to reach out, even they're human.
Yeah? So, both kind of a people have existed till now, and it will be relevant even in a future. Now, you have to decide as an individual that what I want from my life in next one year, in next five years.
Okay, so actually the thing… Yeah.
And then write… try to pursue, right? Don't see someone and say that, okay, fine, so he said this. No, everyone is having its own journey, as simple as that.
So, let's suppose you're targeting that, okay, index 6-month Gen AI. Let's do it, right? In next 1 year. Let's try to complete all the stack. And again, I'm not saying that keep on learning. No, not at all. Make it as a part of your life.
Like, daily one hour, daily one and a half hour, simple. And believe me, it will be done in a more comfortable way, right? You don't have to even, like, you will not feel like learning something, right? You will literally enjoy in that way if you're going. Yeah, if you're sitting for 10 hours and say, I'm learning, then you are learning.
Otherwise, make it like a reading of books, reading a book, uh, good philosophy book, you can say.
So, uh, the next year, maybe target that, okay, fine, I'll build 4 to 5. A good.
Right.
Standard product, right? Maybe I'll build a streaming system, which is, again, one of the complex systems, right? Maybe I'll try to build one of the betting system.
Right? Maybe I'll try to build one of the games, basically, with a lot of… so many rules.
So, try to build such kind of a system, one by one, with the help of AI, with the help of copy-paste of code, no one cares. No one cares, literally, right? So, try to build it.
And then you will get more and more experience. So this is how we all used to evolve in our career. This is what we all have evolved, and person who is working in a Google, so when that person has born and brought up.
Basically, it's not like he was aware about us, he was aware about DSA and system design, or something like that.
Mm-hmm.
Like, it just… see, the majority of things that we are discussing even now, right? Majority of things has been created as a hype by an influencer.
Yeah, um, sir, one more last question is… Um, so now that we are learning it.
Yeah.
I want to tell about myself, I cannot talk about others, but… I am personally interested, and I follow news and AI and all, so it's sort of, you know, maybe I have a shiny object syndrome.
But then, um, I want a clear vision in terms of AI. Maybe there are so many different work, you know, designations, roles, and so on.
Uh, if I don't have a specific goal. I… I think I might, uh, stray away, or I might spend time in some other tasks, which might not be really efficient in my goal.
So to finalize that goal, I want to know how many types of.
Roles are there in AI, and maybe not immediately right now, you don't need to answer, but… somewhere in there, down the line.
You're gonna… no, no, I can answer now itself, so you can just go and join as a GenAI engineer, you can join as a ML engineer, you can join as a DL engineer, you can join as a vision engineer, you can join as a core NLP engineer, you can join as a research engineer, you can join as a mathematician.
You can join as a data scientist on a junior, senior, managerial, lead, director, and architect level.
A follow-up question on that is… Don't you think that people who are hiring for these roles would prefer somebody having a computer science background or a STE background? Because.
Not at all, not at all. In our IT industry itself, 95% people are from non-computer science backgrounds.
Yeah, that is true, but there aren't testing. Just kidding, this is a… no, no, no.
No, who told you… who… who told… who… Who told you they're interesting?
I mean…
It's a myth. Just go and talk around. People who are actually developing the product. Majority of them are coming from, like, a EC background, EEE background, or some other background, civil background, mechanical background, right? And those civil guys are writing better code than the computer guy.
Okay.
The person who's coming from the computer in the background. So it's not about, like, a background, I would say, because whatever, you know, especially, I'll say, you know, Indian education system, till graduation, so whatever we learn, it's a total piece of shit, it's a total wastage of time. Whatever we learn.
Right, so till 10th and 12th, so we try to learn, like, a math phase, chemistry, geography, biology, all of those things. I never was able to understand why, right? And then, like, we used to, like, come to a graduation where we learn 48 papers, 6 into 8, right?
Yeah. Right.
Eight semester, six papers per semester. Uh, and apart from that, practical, so I have not added the practical side of it. And 48 papers, and do you remember any, uh, law from thermodynamics?
I just don't remember the name of the thermody. Yeah.
It's like… doesn't name, right? Just on the… yeah, do you remember which book you have followed in thermodynamics?
Uh, no, I just remember, let us see us in on the books.
Exactly. Exactly, right? We all have gone to thermodynamics in our first semester.
Yeah. Thanks.
Two semesters, yeah.
Doesn't matter which branch we were into. Exactly, right? That's the problem with the education system. So, we used to invest energy and time in some, like, a… and some of these things… a majority of time, right, time where we, as a human being, are very, very energetic. A person in the age of 20, 22, 24 are very, very energized.
And you can't expect the same kind of energy from a 40-year-old.
Yeah. Yeah.
Right. They feel burned out. But yeah, so when we were, like, too much energetic, at that point of a time, we were exploring 48 different, different subjects, and good day when you come to this year, and out of the college, you realize that.
I don't even remember the name of the books. And not even a single formula. Do you remember Archimedes' principle? A buoyancy principle?
What was that?
Uh, buencias, I remember. So… So, the amount of volume displaced by an object inside a water is equal to the force experienced by it against.
Figured I would be. I guess it's, like… And the word ways up.
90%, only 90% correct. Only 90% correct. There are 10% mistake, right.
Goode.
So, see, that is a reality of the education system we are living in, too, right? And so, I will say, it's not about the background or the branch, it's all about.
That, uh, when you have started, because majority of people who are writing a code, right, they have started writing a code, at least in Indian culture, right? Not in the US, not in the EU culture, because there, they are writing a quote since their childhood.
Hmm…
Especially in the Indian culture, we have started writing a code, a real one, after our graduation. And maybe after graduation.
Exactly. Yeah.
Even after, like, 2-3 years after that. Right? That's a big problem. That's a big problem, but yeah, we can't solve it as an individual, but yeah, that problem exists. And this is not the same culture that we follow outside.
Yeah. That's it, sir. I think, uh, but, uh, I would suggest that if here and there, you can add some more practical insights about your, maybe, students who have already gotten out from your own.
Uh, something, some, some, uh, industry-level experience that what they have felt, or what they have experienced, I think that might add more… knowledge, because we are having very…
I think, I think… I think there are enough people in your group, so you can chat to them, and they will… they will… That's the reason we have a WhatsApp group, right?
I hope all of you are enjoying this conversation, guys. Believe me, in all the doubling session, you all will enjoy.
It'll be fun, it'll be like a mind relaxing for all of you. And yes, it will look like a podcast for you, so every day, a Saturday to Sunday podcast. After 2 hours… but after my lecture.
I'll never do this kind of podcast during my lecture. No one means literally never.
Okay, so mace, please go ahead with your question. After that, uh, cars or someone? Who was… Alvini. Yeah, Aswini can go ahead.
As Dan, so are you able to hear me? I'm… Okay. Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you, Sumice.
So, I have a couple of questions. So, basically, the one, uh, I guess, this, uh, on the class itself, it was going pretty fast, so, um, so when you generated the code in the, uh, cursor.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, how you ran it in the Firebase? Uh, to display as a web page. Can you…
No, no, no, I never run… I never ran that in Firebase, actually. So, basically, see… Uh, when I have executed in cursor, so it is giving me a end point in my local host, right? Filebase was online, right? See, at the end of the day, I have just asked it to execute it and show me the final.
Okay.
Give me the final port. So, basically, it has given me my local O3000, as you can see, it's still, it's running. So, this is my local host, not a Firebase, not a global system.
Okay, okay. Okay, okay.
Right, see, I'm running in my local, this one.
Yeah, I have asked to, like, test it. I have asked to test it, debug it, and then, like, deploy, uh, like, launch it, basically.
So after the code got generated, you have asked to provide the local…
So it has launched NPM run. Launch command is simple, it was an NPM run, an NPM build, so it has launched it on 3000 port. Simple.
Okay, okay. Sure, sure.
We'll do it, we'll do it in a class so many times, don't worry. I know these things are, like, pretty much new for most of us, but yeah, we'll do it.
We'll do a lot of it.
And in this cursor, like, initially, as per the initial prompt, you have given, like.
Um, you want to generate the whole, uh, code in a Python language and everything, but it still gave you in a Node.js format.
So.
No, I… so, I have done that over there, so when I was generating the entire prompt, right? So, at that point of time. So, see, if you will observe my prompt over here, I have not even mentioned my technology stack.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
So, by default, it has selected our monostack. So I have done that when I was chatting with a Yuri, not here. So, nowhere I have mentioned the technology stack, by the way.
If I would have mentioned that, that use Python for a backend, use this particular databases, and use this, this, this.
Then we would have selected only that one.
Okay, okay, got it, got it. And one basic question, uh, see, when we are using, uh, VS Code or the… cursor. So, while typing in the prompt, you can see there is a model and the agent, the configure mode, okay?
Because yesterday, someone asked me the question, uh, what is basically the difference between the ask agent and the model? Because, uh, when… when we are normally asking any question, and we have to particularly select, if… if there is… suppose there is no auto mode or something.
We have to select a model, uh, so we want…
But it's what we call the agent. See, even in auto mode, agents are nothing but a piece of program.
Yeah.
Right? So, for example, if I'll go here, and let's suppose if I'm going to write one, like, a piece of the code.
For example, that def, uh… elaborate.
Elaborate kind of a function, so where it is going to take my, like, uh, uh… text as an input, and then here, so it should take maybe, like, uh… something… let me convert this one itself.
So, let's suppose this is a generate completion, right? So, I'll copy the same code.
Okay.
I'll just change it. Change it, and uh… here…
Elaborate, and then here. So… Give me a… Oblited prompt.
For all the input.
Input, and then the input is going to be… Text, I'm going to convert that into a text, TXT text, and formatted string over here.
Okay.
Okay, it will be able to… So, see, I have just changed this function, so I'm just trying to give, like, I have made it as an input-driven, right? And then I'm saying that, that I'm giving a prompt that, okay, so give me a liberated prompt for all the input, means whatever input I'm going to give, it will hit my model, right, it will hit my model, basically, so which is.
Technically hitting my, like, this particular model, GPT 4.1 Nano model, and it is going to give me the elaborated response.
So this is our function I have created. Now, let me call this function.
Elaborate, and then here, so I'm going to, like, uh, maybe, uh, I'm going to provide.
This one. Let's suppose, right? This one I'm going to provide.
So it's a multi-line, so let me change it to the multi-line.
Yeah.
Yeah, so I'm going to call this one with this input. Same thing we have given inside the cursor, and here is a command. Now, this command will go into the… this is… this will go into the LLMs, basically.
Now, so it will do what? So, technically, it will try to elaborate this entire input point. Now, what is my model? My model is this one. What is my agent?
So you can say that, that this function is behaving like an agent. So, I have written this function.
Okay. Okay.
For a specific purpose. Getting my point? So, inside a cursor, when I say there is an agent, so there are multiple agent systems they are using it. So, some agent which will do a research, some agent which will do a search, some agent which will try to invoke your.
Basically a terminal, some agent which will try to test your code, it will try to fix, or it will try to generate the next version of the code, a fixed code, a elaborated one.
So, and some agent which will try to elaborate the input that you have given, the way… So, basically, agent will not be able to work without a LLM access.
It is like a combination of the model and the agent who get the…
Okay, okay.
So that's the reason we say agentic AI system, right? And even in our classes, so we are going to talk about Lang Chen, Llama indexes. Eventually, what we'll do? We'll create a multiple agents.
Right? And those agents will be having an access of API… through an API key, they will be able to access a different, different kind of a model.
Go to… go to, yeah.
Right? Same like this one. See, I have used our model, so model is one part. Model is basically a LLM, which understands the entire world, and it understands your natural language as well.
So whatever, like, English text or any language you are going to write down. Now, agent is nothing but. I have just.
Configured this one for a specific task, that it will do what? It will always elaborate.
Yes? If I'm going to say, do something different, maybe do a real-time search, whatever input I'm going to give you.
Got it, yeah.
I'll just say that, that do always are real-time research. Now, this agent, if this kind of agent, I can say that, okay, fine, so create this kind of an image for me.
Mm-hmm.
With this flavor. So, agents are eventually a kind of a function, as of now, just trying to understand, when we'll create, we'll get more into depth.
So, agent is a kind of just a system. So, you should do something on their own. Going forward, I'll try to even add a couple of more things with respect to agent. That agents can take a decision automatically. As of now, it's a very linear decision.
Only one kind of things it has to do, right? But let's suppose I have to do multiple things. An agent is supposed to decide automatically that out of these 10 things, what I'm supposed to do.
So, agent will be able to do that as well, which I'll add.
Okay.
But as of now, just try to understand that it's just a function which is trying to invoke your models.
Simple. So, the cursor is doing the exact same thing.
Got it, got it. And, uh, thanks for that. Oh, one final question.
So, uh, see, when the cursor is generating such a huge code base, okay.
So it is, uh, a developer responsibility to go through all the security checks, because anyway, it'll be doing.
But suppose your company's requirement might be different. So, uh… so for any case of hallucination or some details, you need to check from our end, or that also can be given in the prompt.
Uh, you can try to give anything in a prompt, whichever comes in your mind, but yes, you have to follow all the SOPs, or all the standard approach that your company is going to define, or that your client is looking for.
Always. So, you can do it with the help of prompt, or maybe you can do it manually, but you'll have to do it.
And yeah, as far as prompting is concerned, so you can give a prompt.
Okay, okay. Thank you, good. Thank you very much.
Basically. Yeah. Yeah, thanks. Nas, uh, yes, uh, so next one is, Aswini, please go ahead with your question.
Yes, Vinnie. Yeah, good morning.
Hello? Hi, sir, good morning. So, I have some question on rags. I'm building on, uh… I'm working on a problem statement, and… In the rag, I just want to know that, uh, embedding while doing the embedding for vector database.
Is it important to choose some, uh, model like GPT, or we can go with an open source?
So, eh…
You can go with open source, you know, Hugging Face, there are tons of models, thousands of models are available for embeddings. You can go with any models, but yeah. So, if you are looking… see, embedding means what? You are converting some sentences into a vector space, means into a numeric. But that is not the only meaning, right?
Uh, if I'm using a better model, so better model simply means that it has been trained on a lot of data, right? So, it understands your grammatical, it understands your phrasing, it understands the parsing, it understands the punctuation, and relationship between those words.
Right, at those tokens, better way. So, it's always better to go with the best of best model, then only you will be able to build a better embedding. If you're going with the basic one.
Obviously, it can generate, uh, like, a numeric space, but just generating something into a numeric space is not just a requirement, right?
So that's the reason Gov with the best, but yeah, options are, like, thousands on Hugging Face.
Right. So, in…
Sir, I have a huge amount of data, so I cannot go with a free source. That's the reason I'm using, uh.
Some paid services for embedding. So, I just want to know one more thing, that embedding directly affects the response, right?
Embedding is one of the factors which will affect the matching. A similarity search, basically.
Okay. So, what are the factors we have to check, like, for the response part?
Context… context over… context overlapping, you have to check, basically, embedding the input dimension that you try to provide, so that is, again, going to factor a lot.
The similarity such algorithm that it is using, so whether it's using a Hamilton distance or it is using a cosine similarity, again, uh, that matters. So, there are, like.
10, 12 factor, I can name it. Likewise?
Okay, so, uh, so prompt engineering, whatever the prompt we are, uh, we are using for the response, that also affects the response, right, sir?
Yes, ma'am. Mm-hmm.
Prompt, obviously, it is going to affect, because prompt itself will get converted to a vector, and it'll go for the matching, right, which is available with the data which is available into your databases, VectorDB, basically, right? So, prompt is one of the factors, but before that, when we create an embedding.
Again, many factors comes into picture. Even before prompting. Prompto is always a fact. Prompt is always a factor, even with chatting.
Augusta…
Augustus, you told, uh, right before creating the embedding some factor effects, so will you brief me that thing?
I said, I've seen that… sir, I've seen that video, that's the reason I asked.
Come to the ROG class, I'll explain it to you. Yep. We have RSG class in this one itself. Like I said, so wherever you're trying to… No, so come to this one as well, live lecture. Even in this curriculum, I have mentioned RAG.
Yeah. Okay, next one, please. Uh, Sivam, please go ahead.
Yeah, so next one, Prakas, Nihal, and now I think anyone can go.
Yeah. Hi, Bragas.
Hey, I should understand. Yeah, so first, uh, I have two questions. So, first question, like, uh, I joined today only, after some 10 o'clock.
Okay, okay.
I haven't noticed, uh, this, uh, post-launch previously, so suddenly I joined today.
Okay, okay, thank you.
And the reason why I've done this course, uh. I was part of iNeuron, uh.
Okay. Okay.
Data science course in 2020. Sorry, 2021. At the time, I joined in KPMG.
Uh, so due to some reasons, after 3 months, I'm not able to continue.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So I just asked some basics of YAML and, uh… A few other things. Statistics model kind of thing.
Okay.
Now, I'm currently working with KPMJ, and I'm trying to build some chat assistant kind of thing.
So, just… I wanted to explore more into the GenAI things.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm, okay.
So that is the reason I mainly joined this course, and uh… Uh, so, first of all, uh, what are the things I need to do, uh, from yesterday? Like, today only I joined.
Nothing, nothing. Yesterday, we just had a paid form demo, right? And as you are the old one, so you know that on a very first day, I just give an intro. Uh, right, and we do a chit-chat a lot, and then from today onwards, I have started a curriculum, a basic one, basically, like, uh, system setup and everything. So, so far, nothing. It's fine.
Like, uh, nothing you have to do from your end.
Okay, okay. Yes, Valencia. So, uh, the industry level, like, uh, so since I'm working on capabilities, so there is a lot of things coming into the picture, like, uh, everyone trying to explore and generate things.
Hmm.
But it is kind of, uh, just in terms of words, like, uh, we are trying to do large… more into the kind of chat assistant things, like, we are having our own tax data.
We'll build a lot, we'll build it, don't worry. We'll try to build it. I don't believe in exploration.
So, build it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah.
So, Pushkar, Amir, go ahead, anyone? Any… anyone? Yes. Yeah, hi, Buscar. Yes, go ahead.
So, what would you think that, uh, how many years this JNA will last for?
So, how many a year?
This general rule will, uh, is… what we say, last fall.
I think, like, like, I'm thinking…
I don't know how many, like, years it will last long, but… I believe AI is going to evolve more and more, and even after 10 year, AI will keep on evolving.
Uh, the trend I have seen in the last, like, uh, 11 years of my career. So, I have started, uh, like, as a SAP guy, then big data guy, and then, like, uh, as a data science guy. I think six, seven, seven years back, and yeah, since then, I'm teaching. I've seen a lot, like, at that point of a time, AI was not that popular. We used, like, use a statistical model, mathematical model. We used to build a lot, and then computer vision came into a picture.
So, keeping current trend in our mind, uh… I don't know whether Gen AI as a position will be available or not, but AI will exist for sure.
And if AI exists, maybe someone will derive some new term.
Okay, like, I mean, uh…
Like, I mean, I've seen in terms of, like, a year… engineering, you know, like, Jenai.
But, uh, we are actually still are…
So, see, there was a data scientist, there was a M… Yeah, there was a data scientist, there was a machine learning agent, there was a CV engineer, computer vision engineer, and LP engineer. That does exist even now.
Right? So even after, like, an 8-10 year, I'm able to see that there does exist… that profile exists, right.
Uh, then there was… there is a new addition of this Gen AI engineer. The Gen AI engineer never existed, like, two years… two and a half years back.
Right. Uh, there was a new term, I'm, like, getting nowadays, prompt engineers. I don't know what they do, but yeah.
There is a… I know, like, all of you must have heard about this term called as prompt engineering.
Yes.
Right. Then, there is a new term that we started getting, Vivecoder. Today, we have seen live coding, right? So now we all have become… today we all become VIP coder.
If…
Right? So, people will keep on deriving the term. Under the hood, things are the same.
Right, it's just an evolution that we are trying to follow along with.
So, just like to follow along wherever you will be, you will be in a good position with a good title. Simple.
The answer, there is another one question that was… What do you think about the bed?
What… What do you… what do you think about?
Like, change data science or linear bitch. Facebook, Amazon, Google, Microsoft.
Um, see, they're, they're… They're firing, they're hiring, so that will be continued. There is nothing new in that.
Regarding a data science or gene, but, like, specific template.
All right, uh, you don't need, like, a 10,000 job, you just need only one, right?
No, no, I'm talking about your backstop, like, uh… You're on bootcamp regarding the bank.
Secure that one.
See, you will be able to learn all the particular aspect of each and everything, right? But yeah, so to get into those fang-Fung kind of a company, uh, you have to, like, focus on not just this one, which is a core part.
Along with this, you will have to… you will be able to clear two or three rounds with the help of this one, but the very first two rounds will be from DSN system design, so you have to focus on that one.
A harsh reality. Yeah. Ramesh Kumar, yeah, you can speak, yes, yes, you can speak. I don't have any issue.
Yeah.
Uh, sir, actually, my current project is for Microsoft, generally. Uh, so it is here, I'm working as.
Okay.
Uh, so we have given some use cases to proposed term clients.
But the client would want to go with some co-pilot or something, what they have the one tool.
So, in this case, how this course will be really helpful to me, that.
So you can just read once again what was… what was the problem statement.
So, in my larger… My problem statement in my current project, right, we are not using any open source tool.
So, basically, we are using the… they are encouraging to use the… their own tool, Microsoft tool. They are not allowing to use any open source tool.
So even if I'm promoting all the use cases, right, which one… Uh, we can get the use cases from, uh, website as well, but it's not… they're not agreeing with that.
So, how can I propose the use cases with this specific project level there?
Yeah, yeah, they would suggest with Copilot or something, their one tool.
So, basically, proprietary tool they are asking you to create. This is… something that…
Yeah.
Copilot is, like, yeah, I'm like, it's a big company, so obviously, like, they are providing co-pilot, so go ahead with Copilot, that's completely fine. Copilot is also going to give you, like, a… Lot of help in terms of generating a code, code completion, code testing, and then, like, building the entire end-to-end pipeline. But with Copilot, that's completely fine.
So, do we also cover the co-pilot as part of the syllabus?
I'll… just remind me, like, next week itself, I'll do a demo of Copilot. The way I have done the demo of this cursor, right?
It will be very quick. It's like a very quick. I'll be using, like, a co-pilot.
Yeah.
Okay, cool. Because we don't, yeah, we don't have the platform, practical platform to export it, so most of the material.
I'll show it to you, I'll just… Yeah, just give me the reminder, it will not take more than, like, a 10-15 minute of time. Just give me a reminder next week.
We can improve that.
Yeah, yeah, thanks. Okay, anyone? Next? Yeah, I go ahead, Nikhil.
Hi, sir. This is… Actually, I'm from Automotive domain.
Mm-hmm.
Trying to switch for company for Gen AI, I said, like, I have done a little bit RAP project and all, but that guy said we'll not consider that one. Did you actually work in Production Gate or POC like that?
Uh, nowadays, no one is, like, if you said that, like, I have worked on a small project, no one, like, cares about it, because everyone knows that those small projects can be created easily in 5 minutes of time.
That is not God has given experience.
Yep. Yeah, but they're asking in company only, did you do, or not? They're not asking outside project also if I do…
Yeah, so if you have done some, like, production-grade things, you can say that, okay, fine, this is something which I have done in a company.
Yeah, but they're asking if you worker in company only, we will, uh, consider, uh, apart from that, we will not consider only, so it's difficult for me to switch.
See, whatever you will say, they will consider. They are not going to come and ask your manager or your lead that whether you have built this project or not, because no one… talks about that in outside, right?
Yeah.
So, whatever you will say, they will believe. So, you have to say that, okay, fine, this is something which I have done in a company, and they will believe it if you're able to prove it.
Yeah, another one question is, like you said, the core basics is important, right? I used to learn that Python and all 1, 2, 3 weeks, so… After some time only, I got to know that the tier is equal to 10 variable usually will not store, it will refer to that variable, so that much deep should I go in learning how it will go, Python memory management, back-end stuff?
Uh, with the time you will go into that, on a day zero, so I don't think that we should go into that depth. We should take that kind of burden.
Because sometimes what happens is we as a human being are not ready for that.
Yeah.
So it's fine, like, a workaround… will be good. Just try to, like, uh, do it. Get into a job, and then you will learn a lot. Learning is not going to end till you… Until you, like, retire, right? So…
We all do… we'll all do it, yes. Yeah. Yeah.
You are, uh, telling, like, for basics, learn these things and start learning Gen AI after getting job, also, you can do that one. So, focus on… Thank you, thank you for the suggestion, yeah.
Okay, next one, guys, anyone? Atul, go ahead. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, highest response. So, I am… yeah, uh… a student of your first batch in machine learning.
So, yes, so… Uh, 19.
Okay. Oh, amazing. 2019 or 2020? Okay, 19, okay, that's amazing.
Yeah, so after that, like, I switched in my… and, uh, like, I learned machine learning, deep learning, AI, uh, like, NLP.
Every… everyone is… everyone is looking for another toothy transition, okay? Fine, we'll do it. We'll do it together.
So, after that, like, the, uh, I switched in the data engineering part.
We have done that part.
Like, on that time, I did not get much, uh… a good job in the, like, data science.
So, as of now, I, like, tried to switch in the GN AI all things, so I thought, like, you were starting new ads, so I just joined. So today, I joined just, uh, 10 minutes ago.
So I, like, I miss… Yes.
Now, you're the oldest friend, you are already aware about the culture, so it's fine. Welcome, welcome back once again.
Yes, yeah. So I just asked, like, uh, I miss your last class, and uh…
Yeah? Where you… where you taught in 2019, where I taught, Atul, it was Ainar, right?
Yeah. Yes, sir. So, on that time, I was in Gurdam.
Yeah. It was a company which I sold to Physics Allah into Hutika Road, so…
Yes, yes, yeah. So I knew Don, like, uh, I have all… as of now, I have the access of the i9 classes.
Again, thanks to PW.
Yes, yeah. Okay, sir. So, I just asked, like, I got the recording of yesterday class and today's class.
Okay, yeah. Yeah, it's already… so for studies class, it's already uploaded, and for today's class, I'll be uploading it after, like, a… 3 hours after the completion… closer of this batch.
Okay, okay, sir. Haha.
Yeah, so it really is same, same thing we do. Okay, so next one, anyone, guys? Ganesh, Visal, anyone? You have raised your hand.
Yeah. So, my question is… April nurse Vince, they are taking admission in B or B take.
Okay. Mm-hmm.
Suppose they are planning for AI courses. In that case, the institute, they are charging $7,800.
Mm-hmm.
If they are going in at that speed, like, uh, a normal decay, sorry, the mechanical.
Is it looking at anything? And they are charging, like, 3 lakhs and 4 less. So, what do you suggest? They should go with the normal and join your course, that will be enough?
See, that is… anyhow, doesn't matter whether you are going to join a 7 lakh college or, like, uh, who charges the fees for 1 lakh, right?
Uh, at the end of the day, we join a college not for a learning, because no one asked that what kind of a teacher you have. Obviously, when you join a private institute like us, you do ask a question that, okay, like, uh.
Uh, basically, like, what kind of a teacher, what is your result, but generally, with respect to college, we see their placement track record, that how many companies they are calling.
What kind of, you know, culture that you have, what kind of infrastructure that you have, what kind of a food you are going to provide to my kids.
Or, like, uh, what kind of a hostel facilities you will be able to get, and then based on the affordability of the.
Family and persons or, uh, people used to go and choose.
So, selection of college is not about just a learning outcome, because that is the… least border thing, although I, like, my thoughts are completely opposed to it, but I'm just talking about the general thought, right? How we think and.
When I was choosing my college, so what was the criteria to choose my college at that point of a time?
And even, same thing, like, people used to do. So, it's not about learning. Learning nowadays, you have a kind of an ecosystem online, so where.
You will be able to access our best and best of the.
World's knowledge, with a person, everything, right? Personal infrastructure. But yeah, uh, you should know that what I should learn, what will be my, like, milestones, what I should complete.
And us are not ready for that. Many of us are not ready for a self-exploration.
So this is where this environment comes into picture. So if… your child, or your neighbor, or anyone, right, to whom you're recommending or suggesting.
If the person is a kind of a person who can explore on themselves, then.
Obviously, you can go ahead with the route number 2, which very few people will take.
Uh, if you are not that kind of a person, then obviously you need an environment.
So, where, uh, things will go in a predefined manner, in a step-by-step manner, doesn't matter how much it is going to charge.
There are colleges, right? They're offering CSS, CS in just, like, a 1 lakh rupees, 2 lakh rupees. There are colleges.
But maybe their infrastructure is not that great, like, their hostel facilities, their campus is not that great.
So, people are charging you for those facilities, not for education, believe me.
Those 7 lakhs are never for… was never meant for education at all.
Yeah, I hope I'm able to answer your question. So, which one you should choose?
Yes.
Depends upon the instrument caliber. Just choose that. And obviously, like, money matters a lot, right? 7 lakh is not a small amount.
So… that matters. People are charging, like, somewhere 20 lakh as well, for per year.
Yeah. Yeah. Next one, like, Vishal, please go ahead.
Good morning, sir. Good afternoon, sir.
Yeah, good evening, good… yeah. Cartoon, yeah. Go ahead, please.
So, can I share my screen?
Yeah, you can share your screen, so let me make you a panelist. You will be joining as a panelist in a few minutes.
Yeah. Uh, in between, so I'll take a question from Krishna. What is your question? Tell me.
Yeah, Chris, I think Krishna, right? Krishna Alethi has raised a question.
Sorry, raise a hand. So, anyone, anyone can go ahead, yeah.
Sir? Uh, sir?
Let me stop sharing my screen so that you can share.
Yeah.
So, just a minute. Allow, yeah. Now, I think you can share your screen.
Here's them. For the previous days means before joining this batch, I was trying to learn Langchain by myself for… Yokov and ChatGPT.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, I created a chatbot. But I have a few questions related to it. I mean, I was not able to understand this part of the code.
Okay, so what I did… This… this is the function called get underscore.
Hmm, which part? Mm-hmm. Gets us an ID, fine, hmm.
So, here, I have created a… dictionary name, uh, variable name as store.
Plain. Chadamision History, fine. Got it, got it, dear.
So, whatever chatting, or whatever the… Yeah, so what… yeah. So my question is, if this is the function call.
From line number 27, it is going to the line number 20.
Hmm. Hmm.
And over here, I'm storing the session ID in the chat message history object.
But my question is, if this function is returning the store ID.
Hmm.
Here, I have not created any variable. So basically, from the control, we'll be going from 27 to 20, and from 23, it will be… coming back to the 27.
Basically, you will try to call this line number 25, so eventually this is going to call this particular line.
And automatically, this will call line number 20. So it's not line number 20, focus on the return on line number 23. Always you will be able to get return as a line number 23. Simple.
We'll be getting… we'll be getting all the time when you will call line number 25. It's a single line, right?
Okay, but if this line number 23 will be getting in, uh, will be… catching which… Here's it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, sir. Mince… America.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. Line number 23 means return we'll get. See, that's just a function. From 22 to 23, it's just a function. It will give you single-line return, so whatever return it will give it to you, it will go with the, uh, like, this chain, chain history, CHAIN, chain history that you have written, right? Line number 25.
It'll go into that one.
Okay, so that… this particular return will be, uh, storing in chain history.
Yes, in that object, basically. Session ID object, uh, where you are calling it.
Okay, but this is the function call. So, basically, in normal programming, whatever, means I have seen.
Yeah, so basically, you were… you were confused about the bracket, so why we are not using a bracket, why we are not able to pass the input, something like that?
No, no, sir, no, sir. So, let's take an example. Let's skip this part for now.
Hmm.
I'm calling a function, and that function is returning me a multiplication of two numbers.
Hmm. Hmm.
Hmm, hmm.
Hmm, hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
So, I will be, uh, calling, like, ANS equal to MULT, and two parameters I will be passing. So whatever is been written, it will be stored in… ANS variable.
Hmm, hmm.
So over here, if… I am, uh, calling, uh, from line number 27, I am calling the function, uh, getSessionID.
So, the control should come back to this line, right? Getsession ID.
Hmm. Hmm.
Yes.
It is coming back to that line, basically. It is coming back, so how control will come? In a sequential, manageable execute, right? So, first we will execute chain. Let's suppose… so this is one single object, so all this four things will go together inside our enable with the message history.
Sir, enable the message history itself is a function, right? You're trying to call.
Yes, yes. I guess…
And these are basically an object parameter, means technically you are trying to initialize the… this, uh, like, enable, uh, what is the method? Yeah, run enable, yeah, maybe a class, right? Maybe that is a class, I don't know what you have written, basically. So, basically, the enable with the message history, let's suppose it's a class, we are trying to provide, or we are trying to instantiate it.
All this four objects, which is an object variable, chain, gets us an ID, input message key, history message key.
Yes.
All will go together. Now, out of that, one of these parameters is what? One of these parameters is basically a function. So basically, you have created a class which will take input as a function.
I think it's…
Okay.
But this is what has been implemented over here. Input as a function, so whenever, like, it will try to take that input, it will try to call that function, which execute that function, and what that function is generally doing, it is trying to store your historical message, and whenever you are going to call it in that session, so technically, it is going to return your.
Historical, whatever, like, a memory that you have saved, right? So it is going to return that from the system ID. This is what it is doing.
Okay, so… okay, so basically this function is in one line.
Function or maybe class, I don't know, maybe you can hover your mouse, and then I can check, but yeah, as of now, it looks like.
Okay.
Yeah, loading, right? See, it's a class. I told you. And inside this class, clearly it's visible that it is trying to take these inputs, right? So, a getSessionHistory, input message, output message, history message key, history factor configuration, and other…
Means any kind of a dictionary parameter or key-value kind of parameter, you can try to pass. So this is what it is going to take.
Okay, okay, sir. Answer, uh, my second question is… means whatever prerequisite for the, uh, deep learning, do we taking that in the classes?
Uh, no, no, uh, sorry, a prerequisite for the Gen AI.
Mm-hmm, no. For deep learning, we have a separate deep learning mat, so…
I'm considering that, don't worry. So, I always, like, I believe in going for basics. So, next class, Saturday, I'm going to talk about the API, and that two API, from a definition, till creation of the API.
Right? So, I will be using FastAPI.
So we… we will be using Fast APIs, or…? Okay, so you will be teaching some, uh, background of first AP.
So, I'll be teaching, like, I'll be teaching how you can create a very simple method, pass the parameter, expose it through the API, test it with the postman, basically.
Okay.
Uh, with a post, get delete, and all those operations, and then how you will be able to expose that to the entire world.
Okay, sir. So, basically, whatever is in this batch, the tech stack will be… become so I will be able to transition my career, right?
Yes, everyone, eventually.
Okay, okay. And sir, from when we will be getting, uh, start getting assignments for that?
Mmm… next Sunday, not even… maybe Saturday, but I'm not sure about it, uh, Sunday.
Yeah. My assignments are not, like, quite a regular assignment. There are two, three types of assignments I used to create. One that I give into, uh.
A recorded session, so yeah, that's a proper assignment where I, like, mention the questions.
Uh, generally in my live batches, I don't give assignment, I give challenges. That, okay, build this, and then discuss inside the group.
That kind of a challenges. Not like a, solve this question, this question, this question.
Okay, so we… we will…
So that I don't follow in my live lecture, that I follow in my recorded one.
So, as you are the part of Live, so not like a conventional assignment.
Okay, sir.
We are going to do it. We are going to, like, build it, and like, like, you are showing your screen, right? If you're not able to understand. So, similarly, people will do that.
Hmm. Okay, so that will help us to…
Those things are not a regular basis. That is the only thing which helps a lot of people, and this is something which has helped so many people in the past, as per my experience.
Okay, so… And so, sir, what is… I'm currently doing, I'm going to ChatGPT, and I'm asking ChatGPT that I'm a 5-year-old kid.
Don't do, like, I mean, like, that kind of… that level of prompt is not required. I'm a 5-year-old kid.
And I want to learn Langchen.
Dad, you're smart enough to understand if you are going to do a follow-ups.
Means… Okay, so… Okay, sir.
Okay, fine, the next question, please, uh, from Birdjeet. Go ahead with your question.
Yeah.
Special function, yeah, this is our budget. I'm your old student.
Okay. Mm-hmm.
2021, iLiver. Okay, so yesterday, I think, uh, two, three days back, I was speaking with you, and I have a group itself. So, with your… after your badge, I'd done the transition in data science.
Okay, so… so I have done my salary 3X from that time, yeah, in 4 years.
We'll do it again, 3X, from now on.
Yeah, so now, uh, so currently, I'm working in investment management company. Okay, so… Where I'm leading the modern implementation team, okay.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, looking the modern implementation, deployment, CICD pipeline, and as well as, uh, I'm working as a lead developer as well.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Okay, so, uh, with an ad previously, I was in Schneider Nettik as a data senior data scientist, okay.
So, with this, uh, after… after, like, completion of January, or might be one or two years, I'm aiming for.
Some architect Leban role. So, will it be, uh, justifiable to aim into that way?
What are your total, total year of experience? Now?
With my… Uh, totally… see, if I include my BPO experience, it will be around… Total, it will be around 16… 16, 17 years.
Yes. Nice.
No, yeah, total, total, yeah, total. And I think, I think you can target. See, BPO, you must have done in your early stage of a career for 2-3 years, or whatever, right? So, no one will even do a BGV for that, don't worry. People do a BGV for, like, last two, three companies, max 2 max.
And again, so you will be talking about your experience in last 2-3 years that you have done.
So don't worry about, like, your initial of initial job, yeah. Now, coming to the architecture… architect role. So, uh, the easiest way to correct the architect role, I would say, take your time, maybe for 6 months or 9 months, uh, involve your team, maybe, like, a college colleague, whomever you want.
Great.
And then, uh, let's build something. A little bit bigger, right? And then you will be, like, able to, like, switch it again, like, easily. I think this is what we have been following, right, since a very long time, so just do it that.
And again, I'm here, so I'll be able to help you out.
Yeah, thank you. Welcome back once again, yep. Thanks. Okay, next one, Amir Arman, we have, Ganesh, we have Krishna Leiti, we have Krishna Pratab, we have Ravi Teja. Anyone can go it, guys, yeah, your wish.
Yes, any, anyone, anyone?
Okay, let me mute… all, and then now raise a hand, yeah.
So…
Raise your hand, please, uh, because… yeah, Ganesh, please go ahead.
Yes, sir. So, uh, you will be giving that assignment. That will be challenges in this course.
So, can we also discuss the solutions? Because the different persons, they will be.
No, not at all. No, no, not at all, because, uh, we'll see, when I give a project, right, a big, big project, uh, so basically, that I allow to discuss inside the class.
Uh, REST, when I give a small small challenges, which will start from, let's suppose, like, a next Saturday and Sunday. So, we have a group, and you guys can share your solution over there. Your observation over there, and then you can discuss over there. Everything not need to be discussed, because.
Anyhow, in my class itself, we are going to write a lot of code, we are going to discuss a lot.
Right? So everything, because it will unnecessarily consume the time, right? My time, your time.
Oh, yeah. You know, WhatsApp is good.
Yes, so the small one, big one, obviously, will invite. So, see, generally what I do is that, whenever I give a big challenge, right, a big project, so let's suppose 3, 4, or 10 people are able to do it, so out of that, we select, like, a 2-3 demos.
And we just asked them to present it inside the class in live mode.
So that other people will be able to, you know, ask a cross-question.
Yeah, sure, thank you.
But yeah, not for, not for all, everything. So, because I know it's too much, like, time-consuming. Yeah, Krishna Prada, please go ahead.
Hello, Krishna Padab, I'm available to you. Uh, Pragas, you can go ahead, if I'm audible to you.
Gohar, you can go ahead. Anyone can go ahead, guys. Please unmute yourself. You all can unmute yourself.
I'm unable to unmute myself, is it? Okay, Krishna Prattap is saying… Okay, ping me, um… Remove permission. No, no, I think you should be able to unmute yourself. Ask to unmute, let me… okay, click.
Now, Krishopath, try to unmute yourself, Gohar, try to unmute yourself.
Hi, is that? Senator Sandley, I completed a Python course from your own.
Yeah, hi, hi.
The rate…
I don't understand the fundamental of AI, or more things, and it is a big problem for me.
Maybe I am that student who has no knowledge in this class, so what I do now?
Nothing, just follow along with the class. Yep, have business.
Simple. Yes? Yeah, thanks. Okay, yeah, next one, Ajit, uh, go ahead, Prakas, go ahead.
So eventually, yeah. I thought to ask one question, but I forget.
Yeah, I must, yeah.
So, currently, we are having, uh, implementing chat assistant, which we are trying to… Uh, get the data source from the SharePoint intranet site.
Okay, okay.
So that, initially, with our two put it in the vector DB, and then we try to build a chatter strand on top of that.
Mm-hmm.
But there is one new feature we recently done POC, like, there is a co-pilent, uh.
Studio, where we can just give the. Sharepoint URLs to the Copeland Studio, so that we can able to directly ask that, uh, question to the assistant.
So, uh… what will be the best, uh, in going for the future, like, uh… Uh, so that's also…
Yeah, with the chat. Mobility, uh, studio.
You're saying that, like, going with the RAG, or… No, so if you are using Copilot Studio, if it is working for this solution, then it's fine for now, but let's suppose if I would like to, like, build a complete system where I don't want to use a co-pilot.
I just want my, like, RAG system to understand my entire document, or whatever is there in a link.
I can do that as well, there are multiple approaches to solve the same problem, but yeah, if that problem you have solved and it's working, let it be in that way.
Yep. Yeah. Okay, Ajit, please go ahead. Uh, Krishna Pratap, I think you have raised your hands.
Since a very long time, but you are not able to ask the question, so please go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah, you are, you are, actually.
Uh, hello sir, am I audible? Yeah, so in this course, you'll be, uh… taking any Cloud platforms, like Azure, Google, or… We'll be interacting with them.
Cloud… cloud-wise AWS, majority of times, I'll be using AWS, and for, like, GPUs, paper space kind of platform.
Aws, right?
There is something called a paper space kind of platform, which provides a GPU, and again, there will be a free cloud deployment as well, so Streamlin Cloud Render Cloud.
For free cloud platform deployment, a basic one. Advanced one, like, where I will be creating, like, an entire end-to-end infrastructure pipeline, that will be AWS.
Yeah, next question, please. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead, go ahead.
Hi, who don't you? How do you do?
Are we going to again cover the RAG matters, or do we have to…
In this one, yeah, RAG is there. Syllabus, as a part of syllabus, RAG is there, so I have to cover. Whatever's there in the syllabus.
Uh, I'll, I'll cover, simple. Mmm, yeah, low glasses, yes.
So, we are going to cover in the lab class. Okay.
Okay, so fine everyone, I think we are good. We are able to take all the questions. I can see a couple of people have raised their hand, but yeah, they were not able… they have not asked the question, but that's fine. We are in your connected.
So with that, thank you so much, everyone. Take care, hope we are aligned, uh, we are able to learn. And again, from next class onwards, agenda is going to be.
I'll teach you how to create the APIs, then Yuri API will try to experiment a lot, and hopefully, uh, Saturday to Sunday, we will be able to cover that. So, that will be a part of our base building.
We are not starting the actual lecture, you can say, and again, initial two models.
Are not actually… actually, this is basically for a base building, so we'll try to spend a couple of, like, days.
Just to build a base, so that going forward, we should not face any kind of problem. And believe me, by that time, you will get used to a lot of things, uh, which will be required. So, you all will be on the same plane.
Basically, with that, thank you so much, everyone. Take care, enjoy your entire week. There is no assignment which I have given this week.
But yeah, you can expect this one in our next one, next week, upcoming week.
Um, so with that, take care, everyone. Hope you have liked it.
And, um, yeah, so go and tell your friends and families and everyone. If someone would like to join, let's join.
At least let them give a try. There's no harm in giving a try in a disciplined manner, and I'm here to, like, uh… talk about everything.
So with that, thank you so much, everyone. Thank you, Vijaya, Satis, everyone who is Krishnam Padab, everyone, yeah? So, take care, and see you again, guys. We are anyhow connected in a group.
So, I'm available. Those who are not able to join the group, go and check your dashboard. There is a WhatsApp link which is given. You can join your group, and you can keep on chatting with your entire group member.
Uh, plus, uh, I'm the part of your group, so… throughout the entire week.
And yeah, let's do a constructive discussion then, with that. Take care, everyone. Closing the session now. Bye.